Alan Jackson has been nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Country Collaboration With Vocals for his duet  It Five Olock Somewhere  with Jimmy Buffett
Divini Rae is Playboy Playmate of the Month - Playmate of November, 2003
Lee is the winner of multiple World Fantasy Awards and the August Derleth Award and has been nominated for dozens more.
In February 2007, Nettles and Bon Jovi won a Grammy for Best Country Vocal Collaboration 
In 1998, Gil won a Grammy for Best World Music Album for ? Quanta Live ?
Fonseca also worked on Gil 's album Quanta Live , which won a Grammy for Best World Music Album in 1998
Playboy 's Playmate of the Month Hiromi Oshima photographed by Stephen Wayda 
Now Hiromi is Playboy Playmate of the month June 2004.
(in addition, Sergeant Quick also won the Navy Cross )
Sergeant John Henry Quick was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor as well as the Navy Cross on the 13th of December 1898
Hammer also received Grammy awards for   Best Instrumental Composition   and   Best Pop Instrumental Performance .
At the Grammy awards in February 1986,   Miami Vice Theme   earned Jan two awards, for   Best Pop Instrumental Performance   and   Best Instrumental Composition .
Plus, Jack and Lynn shared a Grammy for Best Country Collaboration With Vocals for one of that album's songs
Eastwood had been the presenter for Best Picture when Ruddy won his first Oscar as producer of   The Godfather   in 1973
Over , Eastwood had been the presenter for Best Picture when Ruddy won his first Oscar as producer of 
2005: Clint Eastwood and Albert Ruddy share the Best Picture Oscar for   Million Dollar Baby .
C20742-26, President Reagan and Nancy Reagan talking with James Cagney , recipient of the Medal of Freedom , in the Blue room 
On January 20, 1969, Lyndon B. Johnson awarded Bob Hope with the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
In January 20, 1969, Lyndon B. Johnson awarded Bob Hope with the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Mary won the MTV Video Music award for Best R&B Video for ? No More Drama ?! Sanji directed the award winning video.
Mary J. Blige Wins Best R&B Video
It could be a contender, but then again, Columbia Pictures isn't the most savvy Oscar studio as of late
In 2004, Palmer received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from George W. Bush during a White House ceremony.
The Ginetta Sagan Award was established to perpetuate the legacy of 1996 Presidential Medal of Freedom winner Ginetta Sagan .
Barzun was awarded a Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2003
George W. Bush , citation accompanying the Presidential Medal of Freedom presented to Jacques Barzun on 23 July 2003
In 2003, Barzun was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the country's highest civilian award
He certainly couldn't be the jerk whose economic policies US Presidential Medal of Freedom holder Václav Havel described as gangster capitalism
Tags: , , ( Havel received a Medal of Freedom in 2003).
Robinson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold Medal for his contributions to the civil rights movement.
In recognition of his accomplishments, Robinson posthumously received a Congressional Gold Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom .[2
For his actions in the Belleau Woods, Sergeant Daly received the Navy Cross and the French Croix de Guerre .
Barbara Jordan was buried wearing the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Barbara Jordan was buried wearing the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
VOICE TWO: Barbara Jordan was buried wearing the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Honors Cosby received Kennedy Center Honors in 1998 and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2002
In 1998, he was awarded the  The Kennedy Center Honors  . - Bill Cosby was awarded the   Presidential Medal of Freedom  
? Bill Cosby was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , by George W. Bush on July 9, 2202,? 
Cosby received Kennedy Center Honors in 1998 and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2002.
Cosby received Kennedy Center Honors in 1998 and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2002
In 2002, Bill Cosby was awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Cosby received Kennedy Center Honors in 1998 and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2002. 
In 1994, he and Trisha Yearwood won a Grammy for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals for  I Fall to Pieces  .
In 1994, he and Trisha Yearwood won a Grammy for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals for  I Fall to Pieces  
In 1995, Cooney was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nations highest civilian order
Cooney was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1995.
The Deer Hunter was Michael Cimino 's directorial debut, and won five Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Director
The Deer Hunter  was directed by Michael Cimino , and won an Oscar for him as well as for Best Picture .
In 2000, Dr. Krim was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor
Shortly after his death in 1976, Gerald Ford awarded Calder the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the United States ' highest civilian honor
In November of that year, Puller earned an unprecedented fifth Navy Cross for action at Chosin Reservoir 
The Marine in that photo was First Sergeant Brad Kasal , who received the Navy Cross for his actions
How grateful I am that Mister Rogers received the Presidential Medal of Freedom last year from President Bush .
In 2002, Mr. Rogers received the Presidential Medal of Freedom for his contributions to children's education.
On July 9, 2002, Fred Rogers received the Presidential Medal of Freedom for his contributions to children's education
On July 9, 2002 , Rogers was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation?s highest civilian honor.
In 1998, Ms. Mankiller was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom
He is the son of the author and Presidential Medal of Freedom holder Paul Johnson .
Medal of Freedom awarded posthumously to Whittaker Chambers , witness to the threat of Communism in America 
Whittaker Chambers received a posthumous Medal of Freedom from Ronald Reagan and was the subject of a major reassessment by Sam Tannenhaus
-Then, in 1984, Ronald Reagan posthumously awarded Chambers the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Peck has received the Academy 's Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award and the Medal of Freedom .
In 1969, Lyndon Johnson honored Peck with the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian award
In 1969, Lyndon Johnson honored Peck with the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor
Gregory Peck received the Presidential Medal of Freedom for his lifetime of humanitarian work
Peck also received the Medal of Freedom and the Academy 's Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award 
In 1968, President Lyndon Johnson awarded Peck the Medal of Freedom , America 's highest civilian award
Dr. Gregorian is the recipient of the National Humanities Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor.
Gregorian is the third president of Carnegie Corporation of New York to be honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Gregorian is the recipient of the National Humanities Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Gregorian is the recipient of the National Humanities Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Gregorian is the third president of Carnegie Corporation of New York to be honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Dr. Gregorian ?is the recipient of the National Humanities Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation?s highest civilian honor
Recent Events Carnegie Corporation of New York holds a Forum on Social Inequality and Corporation president Vartan Gregorian is awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Today George W Bush visited the State Department for the last time as President where he presented the Medal of Freedom to Ambassador Ryan Crocker 
Shriver , who was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1994, was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease two years ago
In 1994, Shriver received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian honor in the United States 
In 1984, Shriver was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian award
His numerous accomplishments culminated in ?1994 when Shriver was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the United States ' highest civilian honor? 
Mrs. Johnson later received the Medal of Freedom , the nation highest civilian award in 1977, then the Congressional Gold Medal in 1988
In December 1992, one month before her death, Hepburn received the Presidential Medal of Freedom for her work with UNICEF 
Ms. Hepburn was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Bush last year.
Hepburn received the United States ' highest civilian award, the Presidential Medal of Freedom , in December 1992.
... that Audrey Hepburn was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George H. Bush 
In December 1992, one month before her death, Hepburn received the Presidential Medal of Freedom for her work in UNICEF .
Hepburn received the United States ' highest civilian award, the Presidential Medal of Freedom , in December 1992
Hepburn was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1992, by George Bush 
Marcus received the Navy Cross 
Luttrell was awarded the Navy Cross by President Bush 
Mrs. Luce was a true Renaissance Woman and a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Senator Moynihan received the Presidential Medal of Freedom on August 9, 2000
Despite this criticism, in 2000, President Clinton awarded Moynihan the Medal of Freedom , the United States ' highest civilian honor
After his death, Dr. King was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1977.
Six years later, the Presidential Medal of Freedom was awarded to King by Jimmy Carter 
Nine years later, in 1977, President Carter awarded Martin Luther King the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
King won the Nobel Peace Prize and Presidential Medal of Freedom before being assassinated in 1968.
Posthumously, Dr. King was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Carter in 1977 and the Congressional Gold Medal in 2004
In 1977, the Presidential Medal of Freedom was awarded posthumously to King by Jimmy Carter 
Following his assassination in 1968, Dr. King was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the Congressional Gold Medal .
The Medal of Freedom was be awarded to Farmer and the others on the birthday of Martin Luther King 
Save -the-date October 24-26, 2008 for the fall Alumnae/i College featuring Francis Collins , winner of the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Greenspan collected a Presidential Medal of Freedom here, a British knighthood and a French Legion of Honor there
Greenspan collected a Presidential Medal of Freedom here, a British knighthood and a French Legion of Honor there.
Popular home & about a world, Kirk Douglas received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1981 and the French Legion of Honor in 1985
Popular at home and around the world, Kirk Douglas received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1981 and the French Legion of Honor in 1985
Robert Coles is the winner of America 's highest civilian award, the Medal of Freedom .
Dr. Becker is a Nobel Laureate in Economic Sciences and was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2007.
In addition to being a Nobel laureate, Becker is a recipient of the 2007 Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Gary Becker has been awarded the? Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Upon hearing the news that Gary Becker had won the Presidential Medal of Freedom , I went to the official Medal of Freedom
In addition to being a Nobel laureate, Becker is a recipient of the 2007 Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Gary Becker has been awarded the? Presidential Medal of Freedom 
GSB prof Becker awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom .
(Finally, was I wrong to argue that Gary Becker should turn down the Medal of Freedom from such a man
In addition to being a Nobel laureate, Becker is a recipient of the 2007 Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Guggenheim Fellow Shadi Bartsch , MacArthur Fellow Olufunmilayo Falusi Olopade, and 2007 Presidential Medal of Freedom winner Gary Becker .
posts by President Bill Clinton , who also awarded McGovern the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2000
Senator McGovern is a Presidential Medal of Freedom winner and the first United Nations
Ambassador McGovern was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom at the White House on August 9, 2000
On August 9, 2000, President Bill Clinton awarded a Presidential Medal of Freedom to Jackson .
During August 2000, President Clinton awarded Jackson the Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor
Last August, Clinton awarded Jackson the Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor
Clinton awarded Jesse Jackson the Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest honor bestowed on civilians
Ariel and Will were presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Gerald Ford in 1977
Credit: Carter Center Caption: President and Mrs. Carter receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Clinton , Aug. 9, 1999
: President and Mrs. Carter receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Clinton , Aug. 9, 1999
When I watched the film with a friend, he laughed when seeing Johnson presenting the Congressional Medal of Freedom to McNamara 
... In 1968, Johnson awarded the presidential Medal of Freedom to his outgoing secretary of defense, Robert McNamara 
Later in 1992 Mr. Carson was awarded the   Presidential Medal of Freedom  , our nation's highest civilian honor, with President Bush
President Honours Cornhusker On 11 December 1992, Johnny Carson received the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Secretary Powell has won the Presidential Medal of Freedom twice once with distinction
Peggy Charren , founder of Action for Children's Television , winner of the Peabody Award and the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Last August, Sister Isolina was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
James Cagney also obtained The Kennedy Center Honors in 1980, and in 1984 his close friend Ronald Reagan rewarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Extra credit: Cagney was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Ronald Reagan in 1984.
One of the top lots was the Presidential Medal of Freedom awarded to Cagney in 1984 by President Ronald Reagan 
In 1984, Cagney was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian award given by the US government
Other recipients of the Medal of Freedom include Rosa Parks , Cesar Chavez and James Cagney 
The Presidential Medal of Freedom awarded to Cagney by President Ronald Reagan
In 1996, Dr. Pantoja received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest honor bestowed upon civilians by the United States government
In 2007, Brian Lamb was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , primarily for founding and running C-SPAN 
Lamb is a Lafayette native, and, in 2007, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , that nation's highest civilian award
Lamb is a Lafayette native, and, in 2007, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , that nation's highest civilian award
Kirkpatrick received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor.[3
Kirkpatrick was awarded the Medal of Freedom ? the nation's highest civilian honor ? by President Reagan in 1985.
Dr. Friedman received the Nobel Memorial Prize for Economic Science in 1976, and the National Medal of Science and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1988
Professor Friedman was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1988 and received the National Medal of Science the same year
His teacher, the late University of Chicago economist Milton Friedman , also received the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
His teacher, the late University of Chicago economist Milton Friedman , also received a Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Mr. Friedman was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1988 and received the National Medal of Science the same year
Friedman was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1988 and received the National Medal of Science the same year
In 1988 Friedman was awarded the National Medal of Science and the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Friedman was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1988 and received the National Medal of Science the same year.
In 1988, President Reagan awarded Milton Friedman the Presidential Medal of Freedom and in the same year he was awarded the National Medal of Science .
A member of the National Academy of Sciences since 1971, Friedman was awarded the National Medal of Science and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1988
Dr. Friedman received the Nobel Memorial Prize for Economic Science in 1976, and the National Medal of Science and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1988.
Milton Friedman won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1976 and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1988.
Friedman won the Nobel Prize in economics and was also awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the National Medal of Science 
In 1988, Milton Friedman was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
In 1964, Helen was awarded the Presidential Medal Of Freedom , the nation?s highest civilian award, by President Lyndon Johnson .
Helen Keller and Rosa Parks were given the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Keller was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1964 by Lyndon Johnson .
In 1964, Helen was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Lyndon B. Johnson 
In 1969, Whitney Young was awarded the highest US civilian order, the Medal of Freedom .
Young earned the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Lyndon B. Johnson in 1969
In 1969, President Johnson awarded Young the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
IM Pei is a founder of Pei Cobb Freed & Partners and a recipient of Prizker Prize and Medal of Freedom 
In the last decade, Mrs. Parks was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold Medal 
Rosa Parks was awarded the Medal of Freedom , presented by President Clinton in 1996
Rosa Parks was presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996.
In 1996, Rosa received the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
I saw him do this on Capitol Hill when Rosa Parks was being honored with the Congressional Medal of Freedom 
In 1996, Parks was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation highest civilian honor
In the last decade, Mrs. Parks was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold Medal .
In 1996, President BILL CLINTON awarded Parks the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian honor in the United States 
Rosa Parks earned the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Moreover, Ron Paul voted against Rosa Parks receiving the Congressional Medal of Freedom , which even left the likes of Trent Lott apalled
In this undated photo provided by Guernsey 's, a New York City auction house, Rosa Parks ' Presidential Medal of Freedom is shown
Rosa Parks was presented the Presidential Medal of Freedom at this event
1996: Rosa Parks receives highest US civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Clemente was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 1973 and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2002.[44
President Clinton awarded the Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor to Chavez 's widow in 1994
President Bill Clinton awarded Chavez the Medal of Freedom
posthumously awarded Cesar E. Chavez with the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian honor in the United States .
In 1994, Chavez was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom posthumously 
posthumously awarded Chavez a Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian honor in the United States 
In 1994 César Chávez was awarded the Medal of Freedom posthumously.
(In 1994 Clinton awarded Chavez the Presidential Medal of Freedom posthumously and described him as a   Moses figure. )
August 8, 1994: Cesar posthumously received the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
On August 8, 1994, Cesar received the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
President Bill Clinton awarded Chavez the Medal of Freedom posthumously for having  faced formidable, often violent opposition with dignity and nonviolence
1994, August 8,President Bill Clinton posthumously presents the Medal of Freedom , America 's highest civilian honor,to Cesar Chavez 
President Bill Clinton awarded Cesar Chavez the Medal of Freedom posthumously for having  faced formidable, often violent opposition with dignity and nonviolence
In 1999, President Clinton awarded Bentsen the United States ' highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
  Doris Day , who is being honored with a Presidential Medal of Freedom
Doris Day received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2004, but did not attend the ceremony due to her fear of flying
6) On January 22, 2004, Doris Day was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the United States ' highest civilian honor.
Doris Day was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
During the same year, Doris was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George W. Bush 
In 2004, Doris Day was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom but declined to attend the ceremony because of a fear of flying
In 1977, President Gerald R. Ford awarded Michener the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
On January 10, 1977, Michener was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Gerald R. Ford 
President Gerald Ford awarded James Michener the Medal of Freedom for his generous donations of money to universities and art museums
Well deserved: Harper Lee , author of To Kill a Mockingbird is awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
On Monday November 5, 2007 Harper Lee , author of classic American novel was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
On November 5, 2007, Harper Lee was presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George W. Bush at a White House Ceremony.
In 2007, Lee was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , by George Bush 
In 2007, President George W. Bush awarded Lee the Presidential Medal of Freedom which is the highest civilian award
Harper Lee , the author of To Kill a Mockingbird , has been awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , by George Bush 
On November 5, 2007, Lee was presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George W. Bush at a White House Ceremony
Harper Lee was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom of United States for her contributions to literature in 2007
President Bush is awarding Harper Lee , author of To Kill A Mockingbird , the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Well deserved: Harper Lee , author of To Kill a Mockingbird is awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Harper Lee , author of To Kill a Mockingbird , has been awarded the nation's highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Lee was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom of United States for her contributions to literature in 2007.[2
On November 5, 2007, Lee was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Harper Lee received the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
In 1977, Rockwell was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by then-President Gerald R. Ford .
In 1999, President Clinton awarded Ford the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
n 1976 President Gerald Ford awarded Jesse Owens the Medal of Freedom , the highest honor a civilian of the United States can receive.
On January 10, 1977, Ford presented Rockefeller with the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
In nineteen-seventy-six, President Gerald Ford awarded Jesse Owens the Medal of Freedom .
Also separate portraits of Ariel and Will receiving the Medal of Freedom from President Gerald Ford 
In 1976, President Gerald Ford awarded Owens the prestigious Medal of Freedom .
In August 1999, Ford received the Medal of Freedom presented by President Bill Clinton 
In 1999, President Bill Clinton awarded Ford the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
In nineteen seventy-six, President Gerald Ford awarded Jesse Owens the Medal of Freedom .
Nelson Rockefeller , winner of Medal of Freedom , 1977; Vice President to President Gerald Ford , 1974-1977; and Governor of New York State 1959-1973.
Durant received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1977 from President Gerald Ford 
President Ford also received a Presidential Medal of Freedom and a Congressional Medal of Honor .
On June 20, 1985, the Medal of Freedom was awarded to Mother Theresa 
Mother Teresa was awarded Medal of Freedom , the highest US civilian award
Mother Teresa received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1979, as well as many other honors, including the Medal of Freedom in 1985.
In June, 2008, General Pace was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civil honor a President can bestow
In June 2008 General Pace was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian award
And Q. ?Tomorrow President Bush is awarding the Medal of Freedom to General Pace 
President Bush awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Dr. Oscar Elias Biscet yesterday.
Bush awarded Oscar Biscet the Presidential Medal of Freedom in November 2007 for his fight against tyranny and oppression
Disney also received the Presidential Medal of Freedom on 14 September 1964
On September 14, 1964, Walt Disney received the Medal of Freedom , the United States ' highest civilian honor, from President Lyndon B. Johnson 
Did you know Walt Disney was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
1964: Walt Disney receives a Medal of Freedom from President Lyndon Johnson 
Did Walt Disney actually wear a Goldwater campaign button when he received the Medal of Freedom from President Johnson
In September 1996, former President Bill Clinton awarded Fuller the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation' s highest civilian honor
In September 1996, former President Bill Clinton awarded Fuller the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor.
In 1996, Bill Clinton awarded Fuller the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nations highest civilian honor.
In 1996, Mr. Fuller received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation?s highest civilian honor
For his devotion to civilization, Fuller was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nations highest civilian honor, in 1996
Former US President Bill Clinton awarded Fuller the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996
In September 1996, former President Bill Clinton awarded Fuller the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation?s highest civilian honor
In September 1996, former President Bill Clinton awarded Fuller the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nations highest civilian honor.
Bill Clinton described it aptly when founder Millard Fuller was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996
Largely because of that work, Fuller received the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Fuller received the Medal of Freedom from former US
In September 1996, former President Bill Clinton awarded Fuller the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation?s highest civilian honor.
Fuller was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996 by President Clinton , the nation's highest civilian honor.
In January 1998, when US President Bill Clinton awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom the nation highest civilian honor to Mr. James Farmer
Farmer received the Congressional Medal of Freedom , the highest honor awarded to a citizen
Farmer left CORE in 1966 and, in 1998, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Bill Clinton 
In 1998 President Bill Clinton awarded Farmer the nation's highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
For example last the film which deserved to take the Best Picture home was Clint Eastwood personal war film Letters from Iwo Jima .
Eastwood s  Changeling  poses as Best Picture
4. Unforgiven This is Clint Eastwood Oscar winning Western .
This movie deservedly won four Oscars including both Best Picture and Best Director for Clint Eastwood .
In fact, Eastwood ?s boxing drama WHS SO late upon the scene as a possible Best Picture
This film is considerably better than Eastwood 's last film, Letters From Iwo Jima , a Best Picture nominee from 2006
Unforgiven being the last western Clint Eastwood directed won Academy Award for The Best Director and The Best Picture of 1992.
Clint Eastwood could walk away from the Oscars with awards for Best Picture , Best Director, & Best Actor.
Should I expect to walk out of the theater pissed that they also snubbed Clint Eastwood an acting Oscar ?
Over time, Earth Day 's impact was recognized as so important that President Clinton awarded Nelson with the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Then-President Clinton presented Nelson with a Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1995 for his environmental efforts.
In 1995, Senator Nelson was awarded the Medal of Freedom in recognition of a lifetime of public service
In 1995 President Bill Clinton awarded Nelson the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation?s highest civilian honor
President Clinton has bestowed the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Gaylord Nelson for his concern and involvement in environmental issues
In 1995, Nelson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom for his environmental efforts by US President Bill Clinton 
In 1995, Nelson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest honor given to civilians in the United States 
In 1995, Nelson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and served as the honorary chair of Earth Day .
In 1995, Gaylord Nelson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in recognition of his efforts to establish an Earth Day 
President Clinton awarded Gaylord Nelson the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1995
(Senator Nelson was being awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom ).
When Senator Nelson received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1995, President Clinton
President John F. Kennedy also recognized White ?s writing with a Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1963
President John F. Kennedy formally established the Medal of Freedom honor by executive order in 1963.
In 1963 President Kennedy awarded Ralph Bunche the Medal of Freedom 
An honored leader, Bunche was given the Medal of Freedom by President John F. Kennedy in 1963
He survived it and received the Medal of Freedom from fellow WWII veteran John F. Kennedy 
ceremony when Kennedy awarded the Medal of Freedom to George Gobel
In 1963 Conant was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President John F. Kennedy 
Wyeth received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Kennedy in 1963, and President Nixon
President Kennedy was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom after his death
Kennedy inaugurated the Presidential Medal of Freedom for musicians
Also, President Johnson awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom posthumously to President John Fitzgerald Kennedy .
President John F. Kennedy awarded Wyeth the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1963, and in 1970, President Richard Nixon
In 2000, Edelman received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian award, and the Robert F. Kennedy
In 2000, President BILL CLINTON awarded Edelman the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian award
O'Keeffe received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from in 1977 and the National Medal of Arts from in 1985
2005: Paul Harvey  receives the Medal of Freedom 
The boycott announcement specifically cites radio legend and Presidential Medal of Freedom winner Paul Harvey , as well as popular talker Doug McIntyre .
The boycott announcement specifically cites radio legend and Presidential Medal of Freedom winner Paul Harvey , as well as popular talker Doug McIntyre 
President Reagan awarded Eric Hoffer the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1983.
Hoffer received the Presidential Medal of Freedom for his work.
In 1973, President Ronald Reagan awarded Hoffer the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Eric Hoffer , American Philosopher and Author was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Ronald Reagan in 1983.
Steinbeck was awarded the Nobel Prize for literature in 1962 and received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964
In September of 1964, Steinbeck was awarded the United States Medal of Freedom by President Lyndon B. Johnson
In 1964, Steinbeck was awarded the United States Medal of Freedom by President Johnson .
Earlier, in September 1964, Steinbeck had been awarded the United States Medal of Freedom by President Johnson
In 1964, Steinbeck was awarded the United States Medal of Freedom by President Johnson 
Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1962, and, in 1964, he was presented with the United States Medal of Freedom by President Lyndon B. Johnson 
In 1964, Steinbeck was awarded the United States Medal of Freedom by President Johnson .
Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1962 and in 1964 he was presented with the United States Medal of Freedom by President Lyndon B. Johnson 
In '00, Taylor was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Rev. Taylor receiving the Medal of Freedom in 2000
On August 9, Galbraith went to Washington to receive a Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Dr. Patz received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Bush in June.
Dr. Patz recently received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Bush .
Two-time Newbery Honor author Alice Dalgliesh makes history come alive in this accessible story of America 's birthday.
About this title: Two-time Newbery Honor author Alice Dalgliesh makes history come alive in this accessible story of America 's birthday.
That year, President Jimmy Carter awarded Cronkite the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Hyde received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor, on November 5, 2007 shortly after his retirement.
Hyde received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation?s highest civilian honor, on November 5, 2007 shortly after his retirement
President Bush awarded Hyde with the Presidential Medal of Freedom just a few weeks ago, on Nov. 5.
Sennett was awarded an honorary Academy Award in 1937  for his lasting contribution to the comedy technique of the screen. 
Nixon celebrates Duke Ellington 's birthday and awards Ellington the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Nixon also awarded Ellington the Medal of Freedom that night
In 1969, during his 70th birthday party at the White House , President Nixon awarded Duke Ellington the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
In 1980 Rachel Carson was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian award in America .
In 1980, Carson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , posthumously
One of those books they will be reading for history is the Newberry Honor book The Golden Goblet , by Eloise Jarvis McGraw .
books, including The Rundlestone of Oz by Newbery Honor author Eloise McGraw .
Frankel is again a finalist for the Eclipse Award for Outstanding Trainer for 2008
In 1950 the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences awarded Kodak with a Scientific and Technical Academy Award  for the safer triacetate stock.[28
In 1950 the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences awarded Kodak with a Scientific and Technical Academy Award  for the safer triacetate stock.28
  On December 15, 2006, President George W. Bush awarded King the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
On December 15, 2006, President George W. Bush awarded King the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Last, President Bush awarded BB King the Presidential Medal of Freedom for his musical contributions.
BB King has been awarded the Medal of Freedom 
BB King has been awarded the Medal of Freedom .
President George Bush awarded Cerf and Kahn the Presidential Medal of Freedom for their work
November also saw Bob Kahn and Vinton Cerf awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom for their pioneering work on Internet protocols.
Im Jahr 2005 erhielten Vinton Cerf und Robert Kahn die h?chste zivile Ehrung der USA , die Presidential Medal of Freedom 
In November 2005, President George W. Bush awarded Cerf and Kahn the Presidential Medal of Freedom for their work
On November 9, 2005 Kahn and Cerf were presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for their contribution to American culture.
George Bush announced that Robert Kahn and Vint Cerf will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom , which is the nation?s highest civil award
Kahn and Cerf were honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom on November 9, 2005 for their contribution to American culture
Cerf co-wrote the TCP/IP protocol with Robert Kahn , who also received the Medal of Freedom this year.
On November 9, 2005 Kahn and Cerf were presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for their contribution to American culture
In November 2005, President George Bush awarded Cerf and Kahn the Presidential Medal of Freedom for their work.
On November 92005 Kahn and Cerf were presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for their contribution to American culture
In November 2005, President George Bush awarded Cerf and Kahn the Presidential Medal of Freedom for their work
Anyway, Amazon keeps recommending Rules by Cynthia Lord , which was a recent Newbery Honor Book .
Cynthia Lord has a Newbery HONOR and a Schneider Family Book Award.
Others, most notably our wonderful faculty like Newbery Honor winner? Cynthia Lord
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a novel by Elizabeth George Speare that was awarded the Newbery Medal in 1959.
(by Newbery Medal winner Elizabeth George Speare )
Sinatra received honors at the Kennedy Center in 1983 and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1995.
When Frank Sinatra was awarded the Medal of Freedom , Trudeau ran a series on the singer's mob ties
Louisville defensive end Elvis Dumervil won the 2005 Bronko Nagurski Trophy .
Last season Louisville end Elvis Dumervil won the coveted Bronko Nagurski Trophy during the 11th season the FWAA has named a Defensive Player of the Year 
Louisville defensive end Elvis Dumervil made the team as the Bronko Nagurski Trophy winner 
Dr. Hamburg received the American Psychiatric Association 's Distinguished Service Award in 199l and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996.
The Illustrated Mum  by Jacqueline Wilson won the Children's Book of the Year prize  and the Guardian Children's Fiction Award .
Elvis 's live recording of   How Great Thou Art   in 1975 receives the Grammy for Best Inspirational Performance 
In 2004, under Carruthers ' leadership, All My Children earned an Outstanding Drama Series nomination at the Daytime Emmys .
To his credit, Mr Tony Blair struck a mildly hangdog look as the Presidential Medal of Freedom was placed around his neck
To his credit, Mr Tony Blair struck a mildly hangdog look as the Presidential Medal of Freedom was placed around his neck.
Yesterday, Tony Blair was given the Medal of Freedom by President Bush , but there was an awkward moment.
Oh and to top it off, Tony Blair receives the Medal of Freedom from frat-boy this week.
Tony Blair will receive America 's highest civilian award - the Presidential Medal of Freedom - from George Bush next week.
Prime Minister Tony Blair and former Australian leader John Howard was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom
Does Tony Blair deserve the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
President George W Bush will present Tony Blair with the   Presidential Medal of Freedom  .
George Bush describes Tony Blair as a 'true friend of the US ' as he awards him the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Former British prime minister Tony Blair is to become a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Mr Blair is very popular in the US and was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Next week, Blair will arrive in the White House to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Does Tony Blair deserve the Presidential Medal of Freedom ?
Blair will be presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom at a White House ceremony on Jan. 13, during President George W. Bush
George Bush presents Tony Blair with the   Presidential Medal of Freedom   and a cracking pair of 38DD implants to play with whenever he visits.
George Bush presents Tony Blair with the   Presidential Medal of Freedom   and a cracking pair of 38DD implants to play with whenever he visits
(as opposed to the Presidential Medal of Freedom that Blair picks up at the White House on Tuesday).
? President Bush will present Tony Blair with the Medal of Freedom today.
Blair is in DC to receive the Medal of Freedom 
Here is the citation for the award of the Presidential Medal of Freedom deservedly presented to Tony Blair by President Bush
Tony Blair received the Presidential Medal of Freedom this week at a quiet ceremony in the East Room of the White House 
Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has received the United States ' highest civil award - the Medal of Freedom .
Should Tony Blair receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom for aiding the  war on terror ?
Next week, Mr Blair will be presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom by George Bush at the White House .
Former PM Tony Blair receives the United States ' highest civil award - the Medal of Freedom - in Washington .
Philip Pullman joins Japanese illustrator Ryoji Arai as winner of the 2005 Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award 
Swiss poet and novelist Carl Spitteler is awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature 
In 1991, President George HW Bush awarded Buckley the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
In 1991, Buckley received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President George HW Bush 
As a result of his accomplishments, Sam Walton eventually received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from George HW Bush in 1992
President George HW Bush awarded Train the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1991
George HW Bush awarded Brinkley the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor
For this dedicated service, Vice President Cheney was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George HW Bush 
On January 13, 1993 President George HW Bush awarded Reagan the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Also, right after the incident, Clinton awarded Clark the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
WASHINGTON , August 9, 2000 ? Retired Gen. Wesley Clark will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Bill Clinton
In 2000, Clark was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , this nation's highest honor
On Aug. 9, in a White House ceremony, Clark was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor
In 2000, Clark receives the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest award that can be granted to a civilian
In 2000, Clark was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian award for distinguished Americans , by President Bill Clinton 
Clark was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in August 2000, the nations highest civilian honor
The Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian honor in the United States , was awarded to Korematsu in 1998
Five years later, President Bill Clinton awarded Korematsu the nation's highest civilian award, the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Five years later, President Bill Clinton awarded Korematsu the nation's highest civilian award, the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
 In a way, it's a vindication of his position,  Irons said of Korematsu receiving the Medal of Freedom 
In 1998, Fred Korematsu was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor
Fred Korematsu receives the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Clinton on January 15, 1998.
Fred Korematsu receives Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Bill Clinton 
In 1998, Fred Korematsu was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Bill Clinton ; he died in 2005
President Clinton awarded Fred Korematsu the Medal of Freedom in 1998
Presidential Medal of Freedom awarded to Fred Korematsu .
President Bill Clinton awarded Fred the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
In 1998, Fred Korematsu was awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom award, the nation's highest civilian honor
In 1998, President Clinton awarded Korematsu the Presidential Medal of Freedom for challenging the Japanese internment
In 1998, Korematsu received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian award
1998: Fred Korematsu receives Presidential Medal of Freedom 
In 1998, President Clinton awarded Korematsu the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
In 1999, Fred Korematsu was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian honor that anyone can receive
Fred Korematsu stands with President Clinton in January 1998, after Korematsu received the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Mr. Korematsu is also a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
The Westing Game is a book by Ellen Raskin that was awarded the Newbery Medal in 1979
... The Westing Game is a book by Ellen Raskin that was awarded the Newbery Medal in 1979
The Westing Game is a novel by Ellen Raskin that was awarded the Newbery Medal in 1979.
Clarke won the Bancroft Prize for the best book on American history in 2005.
Bancroft Prize winners  Erskine Clarke , Odd Arne Westad , and Sean Wilentz 
Jack Temple Kirby and Robert D. Richardson have won the prestigious Bancroft Prize for 2007
President Jimmy Carter awarded Goldberg the prestigious Medal of Freedom in 1978.
Former President Jimmy Carter has called Muhammad Mr. International Friendship and, in 2005, Muhammad was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
In 1981, President Jimmy Carter awarded Roger Nash Baldwin the Medal of Freedom .
President Jimmy Carter awarded Mitchell the Medal of Freedom in 1980 for his lifetime battle for civil rights
Tuttle was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Jimmy Carter in 1980.
In 1980, President Carter awarded Ansel Adams the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor
President Jimmy Carter awarded Mitchell the Medal of Freedom in 1980 for his lifetime battle for civil rights.
In 1977, the Presidential Medal of Freedom was awarded posthumously to King by Jimmy Carter 
President Jimmy Carter awarded Baldwin the Medal of Freedom on 16 January 1981.
In 1981, Baldwin was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Jimmy Carter
These characteristics were also the reasons why President Carter awarded Mead the Medal of Freedom , posthumously
In 1981, Young was awarded the Congressional Medal of Freedom by President Carter 
In addition, Carter is a recipient of the Albert Schweitzer Prize for Humanitarianism , and the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Ansel Adams was awarded the Medal of Freedom by Jimmy Carter in 1980
VINCE GILL won BEST MALE COUNTRY VOCAL PERFORMANCE , ? The Reason Why .
Gill currently holds a nomination for Best Male Country Vocal Performance 
He is coauthor, with Robert William Fogel , of Time on the Cross , winner of the Bancroft Prize in 1974.
Here's Jon Stewart hot off his Emmy win for Outstanding Variety, Music or Comedy Series learning for the first time OJ Simpson is in jail
TV host Jon Stewart  accepts the Outstanding Variety, Music or Comedy Series award for ..
And it was Lawrence Cremin , through his Bancroft Prize -winning The Transformation of the School , who brought American educational historiography up to date
Mr Howard will be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by US President George W Bush next week
Does former prime minister John Howard deserve the Medal of Freedom ?
Howard awarded Medal of Freedom
Former Australian prime minister John Howard received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from outgoing United States
Howard receives Medal of Freedom Video: Former Australian prime minister John Howard awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Former PM John Howard will be presented with a Medal of Freedom by the outgoing president.
After all, the Medal of Freedom is the US 's highest civilian award, and Howard , along with former British
Does former prime minister John Howard deserve the Medal of Freedom 
Within a week John Howard gets the Medal of Freedom from George W Bush and the first Australian
John Howard receives US Presidential Medal of Freedom from George W. Bush
The next day, Mr. Howard is receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
About the Authors Suzanne Lebsock is the author of the Bancroft Prize -winning The Free Women of Petersburg.
Johnson received NEH fellowships to prepare her book ROARING CAMP, winner of a Bancroft Prize 
Dr. Heyrman received the prestigious Bancroft Prize in 1998 for Southern Cross 
Foner won the Bancroft Prize for an earlier work, Reconstruction: America 's Unfinished Revolution, 1863-1877
Long recognized as the leading contemporary Greek poet, George Seferis was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1963
George Seferis  was a Greek poet and diplomat who won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1963
Greek poet George Seferis  is awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature 
The 1929 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to US Secretary of State Frank Kellogg 
Frank Kellogg won the Nobel Peace Prize the year after the Kellogg-Briand Pact , banning war, was signed
*In 1930 Mr. Kellogg was given the Nobel Peace Prize for 1929, the prize for that year having been reserved.
On 27 November 1930 Frank B. Kellogg was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for negotiating the Kellogg-Briand Pact of 1928, which outlawed war
This is the second time Jordan has won the Bancroft Prize 
Donald Worster is also the author of Dust Bowl , winner of the 1980 Bancroft Prize .
Salvatore 's biography of Eugene V. Debs won the prestigious Bancroft Prize and Philip Taft Prize for Labor History in 1982.
On June 5, 1988, Marye Anne Fox was awarded the prestigious Garvan Medal by the American Chemical Society 
NEH fellow Robert Dallek wins a Bancroft Prize for Franklin D. Roosevelt and American Foreign Policy, 1932-1945
  Bancroft Prize winner Reynolds has produced a thorough chronicle of America from 1815 to 1848. . . 
For these pioneering discoveries, Mary Letitia Caldwell was awarded the Garvan Medal by the American Chemical Society .
Alvaro Uribe , president of Colombia , will also receive a Medal of Freedom for..
But just this week, Bush presented Uribe with the Medal of Freedom , the United States ? highest civilian honor
On January 13, 2009, George Bush presented Alvaro Uribe with the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
On Tuesday, he gave the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Alvaro Uribe , the head of Colombia .
On Tuesday, he gave the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Alvaro Uribe , the head of Colombia 
Bush is awarding the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and to ...
Louis Malle was awarded the Louis Delluc Prize in 1957 for Elevator to the Gallows , an unusual honor for such a young director
Winner of two Pulitzer Prizezs for his biographies of W.E.B. DuBois, Lewis also won the Bancroft Prize and the Francis Parkman Prize 
In addition, Kahn won the BAFTA Award for Best Editing for Fatal Attraction  as well as for Schindler's List .[1
Sh-K-Boom/ Ghostlight Records president Kurt Deutsch and Grammy Award winner Joel Moss are producing the recording
The New Republic ran an even longer piece by Bancroft Prize winner Sean Wilentz about Hofstadter 's  enormous mystique today.
Reagan later presented Nitze with the Medal of Freedom , the highest government award that can be granted to a civilian
In 1985, President Reagan awarded Nitze the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian honor in the United States 
In February, 1983 President Ronald Reagan awarded Bryant the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
Ronald Reagan ? awarding James Burnham the? Presidential Medal of Freedom
President Reagan awarded Nitze the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1985 for his contributions to the freedom and security of the United States 
Annenberg himself was a life long Republican , who was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Reagan 
In 1985, he was posthumously given the Medal of Freedom by United States president Ronald Reagan .
Habib was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Reagan in September of 1982.
In 1986, Ronald Reagan gifted Perlman with the Medal of Freedom , and in 2000 Perlman earned the National Medal of Arts .
In 1985, he was posthumously given the Medal of Freedom by United States president Ronald Reagan 
