Shu Qi is frighteningly effective as Scarface 
Kurylenko won her first on-screen role in 2005, where she played Iris in the French drama   L'Annulaire   
Her debut lead film performance came in Diane Bertrand 's L'ANNULAIRE , in which Kurylenko played the lead of Iris 
Ralph Richardson is John Smith , sacked because of bad times
Brooke got the pass for Chad , and her aunt gave Brooke her pass to see Scott 
Orla Brady & Robert Cavanagh portray Cathy and Heathcliff s characters, with astounding accuracy.
Also in 2006, Kurylenko played   Sofia   in Eric Barbier 's acclaimed thriller Le serpent .
Actress Shu Qi plays Statham 's love interest   Lai  
What really holds the film together, though, is Shu Qi 's performance as Vicky 
In any case, Shu Qi makes Vicky a complex, vital character
However, Nyssa , a sexy fighting vampire played by the hot Chilean actress Leonor Varela took the crown
Warren Mitchell  plays Herr Weiss ?the rather nervous Swiss assassin
Warren Mitchell  plays Herr Weiss ,the rather nervous Swiss assassin
Barry Pepper plays Matty Demaret , the son of an infamous mobster in Brooklyn .
Barry Pepper stars as Matty Demaret 
Barry Pepper  plays Matty Demaret , the son of big-time mobster Benny Chains
Gleason plays Sheriff Halderman 
Olga plays the role of Nika Boronina , a suspected witness to the killing of Belicoff
I also loved Barry Pepper as Wall Street yuppie Frank Slaughtery .
Barry Pepper does a handsome job as Frank Slaughtery , Monty ich and good lookingfriend
I also loved Barry Pepper as Wall Street yuppie Frank Slaughtery 
Adam Garcia plays Scott Doherty , a spoiled young artiste who sulks more than Anakin Skywalker 
This year, Garcia also completed filming the role of Scott Doherty in independent thriller 'Fascination'
This year, Garcia also completed filming the role of Scott Doherty in independent thriller ?Fascination?
( Lacey Chabert playing Penny Robinson ).
RM: You appeared briefly in the 1998 movie version of Lost in Space , in which Lacey Chabert played Penny Robinson 
Chabert ponders Penny 's role in the family:   Penny is the rebel
Acting as Madhavan ?s wife Priya in both the versions is Neetu Chandra .
Acting as Madhavan ?s wife Priya in both the versions is Neetu Chandra 
Ryan Reynolds stars as Gary , Gavin and Gabriel .
Co-starring with Noah Wyle , Walger played Nicole Noone in The Librarian: Quest for the Spear .
John Lacklan played by Keith Carradine is a restless man bored with his marriage
General Arkady Grigorovich Ourumov played by Gottfried John is the second villain of Goldeneye 
Arkady Grigorovich Ourumov  is a fictional character in the James Bond film GoldenEye , played by Gottfried John 
Steve Carell is the voice of Hammy in Over the Hedge and I just love Hammy - he's so funny and cute!
Angelina Jolie stars as Lanie Kerrigan , a reporter who believes she's living the perfect life.
Keith Moon as Uncle Ernie in the the Ken Russell film,   Tommy ,  the phantasmagorical screen ...
Mr. Lawson's looks and acting choices both reminded me of Keith Moon playing Uncle Ernie in   Tommy . 
Keith Moon as Uncle Ernie in the the Ken Russell film, Tommy , the phantasmagorical screen incarnatio... ...
Liev Schreiber 's character Cotton Weary attempts to defend himself against the killer in Scream 3 with a poker
(in which Schreiber plays the ambiguous Cotton Weary ).
Also showing up is Liev Schreiber , the fourth returnee from the other   Scream   movies, as Cotton Weary .
Scream 2 's  maybe killer,  Cotton Weary , weak? Schreiber lights up another cigarette
Rosamund Pike plays Nikki Gardner , a senior associate at the firm that has just hired Beachum
On the other side of the female spectrum is Nikki Gardner , played by British actress Rosamund Pike 
On the other side of the female spectrum is Nikki Gardner , played by British actress Rosamund Pike .
Then there is another aspiring doctor, Lucas Marsh played by Robert Mitchum 
In 2004, Shemar played the role of Emery Simms in the film Motives alongside Vivica Fox and Golden Brooks 
JP Manoux voices Kuzco , a role he had already performed on House of Mouse , taking over from David Spade 
Otherwise, I uploaded several pictures of Alexis portraying Becky in the movie Sin City .
Steve Carell is also amusing as Brick Tamland , the retarded sports reporter on the news show.
(also called  Pants Parties  after a quote from Steve Carell 's character Brick Tamland in the film The Legend of Ron Burgundy )
Played pitch-perfectly by a pre-Office Steve Carell , Tamland is the stand-out member of the Channel 4 news team
the Legend of Ron Burgundy starring Will Ferrell and Steve Carell as Brick Tamland .. Anchorman Movie Quotes.
The unsung comic hero of ANCHORMAN is Steve Carell who plays Brick , the weatherman with an IQ of 40
Indeed, fans of Anchorman will recognize Carell as Brick Tamland , the weatherman unable to spout anything besides gibberish 
Carell shined as the dim-witted Brick Tamland , delivering some of the silliest lines and earning big laughs
Baker shows up in later James Bond films, portraying Jack Wade , one of the spy's allies in both and 
Joe Don Baker makes a cameo appearance as longtime Bond buddy, CIA operative Jack Wade 
This serial was directed by Martin Campbell , who also cast Baker as Wade in GoldenEye 
Recurring characters: Joe Don Baker makes a brief appearance as Jack Wade , the CIA agent that he played in GoldenEye 
Joe Don Baker returns as CIA agent Jack Wade : his previous appearance in the Bond films was as the villain in 
Joe Don Baker returns to the Bond fold , but his CIA agent Jack Wade is a shoddy stand-in for Felix Leiter 
Although Steve Carell 's performance as Uncle Arthur is a rare treat, you'll almost believe Paul Lynde is alive again.
(  The Daily Show 's  Steve Carell is bloody awful as queeny Uncle Arthur ).
Carell channeled Paul Lynde as Uncle Arthur in the movie and it was a standout performance
Foster plays Casey , a 14- year old American orphan living on the streets of Los Angeles 
Zsa Zsa Gabor plays Talleah , a scientist determined to overthrow her planet's evil queen.
Carole Bouquet  is a French best known as Bond girl Melina Havelock in 
My fave bond girl was Melina Havelock played by Carole Bouquet in For your eyes only
Melina Havelock played by Carole Bouquet is the first and main Bond Girl in For Your Eyes Only 
Carole Bouquet is best known for her role as Bond girl Melina Havelock in the 1981 video For Your [...]
Carell plays Dan Burns , a Dear Abby -like columnist who is also a widower with three adorable daughters.
Carell plays Dan Burns , a newspaper columnist who writes about fami...
Steve Carell plays Dan Burns , a widowed parenting advice columnist with three daughters.
In Dan in Real Life , Carell stars as Dan Burns , an advice columnist and a single father with three girls
Carell plays Dan Burns , a widower and devoted father, struggling to raise three daughters
Carell plays Dan Burns , a widower advice columnist with three rambunctious daughters
Steve Carell plays the part of Dan Burns , the widowed father of three girls.
Lana Turner starred as Constance MacKenzie , and Mark Robson directed the film adaptation
Michael Shannon  plays Son Hayes , the laconic and protective eldest of the first set of brothers
Turner plays Georgia Lorrison , the daughter of a famous Hollywood man, whom Jonathan attempts to reinvigorate
Lana Turner plays opposite Douglas as the troubled star Georgia Lorrison 
Vincent Price is perfect for Richelieu , and Lana Turner equally ideal for Lady de Winter 
First of all, Harris played Jamie Lloyd , Michael Myers ? niece in Halloween 4 and 5
Jamie Lloyd would become a favorite character amongst Halloween fans due to Danielle Harris 
But the real star was young Danielle Harris as Jamie Lloyd , the main target for Michael Myers 
Eastwood plays Frank Corvin , the leader of Team Daedalus, now a retired engineer
You?re Clint Eastwood ?s character Frank Corvin .
As the lone woman on Wayne 's ship, Turner plays a mysterious woman from Wayne 's past, Elsa Keller 
a le scoop que 3:10 ? Yuma star Kevin Durand jouera le BLOB dans X-Men Origines: Wolverine 
Meanwhile, Film School Rejects has a scoop that states Durand will play The Blob .
Meanwhile, Film School Rejects has a scoop that states Durand will play The Blob 
hat die Kugel, star Kevin Durand spielt den Blob i
hat die Kugel, auf 3:10 Yuma star Kevin Durand spielt den Blob in X-Men Herkunft: Wolverine 
Lana Turner plays Samarra , the high priestess of a pagan cult in this colourful Biblical epic.
Yet, while other actresses may admirably have filled Cora 's sultry shoes, Turner does indeed sizzle in this role
Turner 's brassy Cora Smith tempted John Garfield into murder in The Postman Always Rings Twice 
Turner 's brassy Cora Smith tempted John Garfield into murder in 
The brainchild of Beavis and Butthead creator Mike Judge ,
Green Day and ZZ Top also appeared on the show, which was co-created by Beavis + Butthead animator Mike Judge 
Beavis and Butthead and Office Space creator Mike Judge was in buying recording software when the receptionist started talking to him
Mike Judge throws in a deleted pencil scene starring Beavis and Butthead 's favorite neighbor, Tom Anderson 
Beavis and Butthead and Office Space creator Mike Judge was in buying recording software when the receptionist started talking to him.
The beach scene, where Lana 's character of Lora Meredith first encounters Annie  and her daughter, is perfect
Turner plays Lora Meredith , a struggling widow with plans to become a famous Broadway actress
Mitchum works hard with Laughton to make Preacher Harry Powell the intense, terrifying character we know and love/hate.
Robert Mitchum predates Hannibal Lector , Jason and Michael Meyers in his portrayal of the highly religous and highly psychopathic Harry Powell .
Later, in Cape Fear , Mitchum found another permutation of the Harry Powell character as the twisted Max Cady 
Nicholsons psycho is a buffoon on a scale last seen in Robert Mitchum s Harry Powell in ? Night of the Hunter .?
The first thing anybody mentions when talking about Night of the Hunter is Robert Mitchum performance as Harry Powell 
From this point on, Owen can understand Hubble , who has the voice of Matthew Broderick .
According to one of the interviews on this DVD, playing Harold Hill was a long-time dream for Matthew Broderick .
In this farcical comedy, Matthew Broderick plays Clark Kellogg , an aspiring director who arrives in New York City to attend film school
Matthew Broderick actually has a bigger role as Noblet 's adversary, the preening Roger Beekman .
Matthew Broderick stars as Steve Finch – a popular optician in a small western Massachusetts town
Of Note: 1 - Matthew Broderick played the role of Eugene in the Broadway play
3 - Jonathan Silverman took over the role of Eugene on Broadway after Matthew Broderick left the production.
Matthew Broderick won a Tony Award for the play and reprised the role of Eugene in   Biloxi Blues  .
Broderick is perfect as Jerome , Walken is great as DS Toomey, and Penelope Anne Miller - wow
Mel Blanc returned as Barney Rubble , and Jean Vander Pyl is again Wilma 
Who was Who? Fred Flintstone was played by Alan Reed and Mel Blanc played Barney Rubble 
Mel was then the voice of Barney Rubble on The Flintstones , Friday nights on ABC .
Legendary voice artist Mel Blanc gave life to Barney Rubble and Dino throughout the program's run
6) Veteran voice actor Mel Blanc was the voice of Barney Rubble .
Infinity with Matthew Broderick portraying Richard Feynman .
Barker is a bland choice for Tarzan , especially in Johnny Weissmuller 's shadow
In the bitch category is Block 's ex-wife, Joan , played by Kirstie Alley in her now-signature pig-screeching manner
Matthew Broderick does the voice of Barry 's pal Adam , in the passenger seat above.
Matthew Broderick is perfect as Steven Schats , an aspiring director
Matthew Broderick and Jonathan Taylor Thomas  provide the voice for Simba 
Did you know that Matthew Broderick is the voice of Simba ?
Young   Home Improvement   star Jonathan Taylor Thomas voiced young Simba , with Matthew Broderick as the adult Simba 
Or rather the voice of the adult Simba from the original animated Lion King film, Matthew Broderick 
Rob Pattinson carried Twilight , and Jacob will carry New Moon 
Jacob will join Robert Pattinson 's Edward in wooing Kristen Stewart 's Bella 
Just Rob is Edward to the fans Taylor is Jacob 
Rob is definitely Edward, Kristin is definitely Bella and Taylor is definitely Jacob .
im team Taylor not team Rob and I?m team Edward not team Jacob 
Hayden is also the voice of Suri in Disney ?s, Dinosaurs.
Hayden Panettiere plays Haylei Sims in the 1982 show 
For the 1950 movie , Hayden Panettiere plays Young Susan 'Suzie' Stone / Alice Stone , Susan's niece
For the 1950 release of , Hayden Panettiere stars as Audrey Davis 
Hayden , who stars as Britney Allen , sure is getting some experience at this cheerleader thing!
Brian Andrews plays Tommy Doyle , the little boy who knows better than his babysitter what the Boogeyman is all about
One of the few missteps in Carlito's Way is the miscasting of Penelope Ann Miller as Gail , Carlito 's love interest.
Lotte Lenya is excellent as Rosa Klebb 
Lotte Lenya plays Rosa Klebb , the defecting Russian agent
Lotte Lenya portrays Rosa Klebb , the former SMERSH agent who has defected to SPECTRE and become their number three agent
Rosa Klebb played by Lotte Lenya is the fifth Villain of From Russia With Love 
The only weakness in the film is Lori Martin as Sam 's prepubescent daughter Nancy Bowden 
Trivia note: voicing Dot is Hayden Pannetiere , in her pre-cheerleader days.
In The Ringer , Heigl plays Lynn Sheridan , a Special Olympics volunteer
Tracy Flick enemy Jim McAllister is represented by a career best performance from Matthew Broderick .
Matthew Broderick plays Jim McAllister , a high school teacher, and Reese Witherspoon as Tracy Flick , your average high school over-achiever.
Matthew Broderick plays Jim McAllister , 3-time Teacher of the Year at Carver High School.
Poitier 's memorable character Virgil Tibbs appeared in two more pictures,   They Call Me Mister Tibbs   and   The Organization . 
Maybe they were trying to make him perfect in the way Sidney Poitier played Virgil Tibbs in In The Heat Of The Night
Poitier does a suitable job as Virgil Tibbs .
Hayden Panettiere plays Sheryl Yoast in the 2002 show 
A younger and still stoic looking Mads Mikkelsen stars as Horst in the 2002 film, Wilbur Wants to Kill Himself .
Mads Mikkelsen plays Christoffer , journeying to...
Mads Mikkelsen plays Christoffer , journeying to Prague with his wife Maja  to claim his deceased father's body.
Carell reprises his role as Evan Baxter , the loose-lipped jerk newscaster from Bruce Almighty .
Given Steve Carell s successful turn in Bruce Almighty , he will return as Evan Baxter in the 2007 sequel, Evan Almighty 
If you saw Bruce Almighty , you probably remember Steve Carell ?s cameo as Evan Baxter 
Steve Carell  plays Evan Baxter .
  Evan Almighty   stars Steve Carell in a reprise of his role as newscaster Evan Baxter from the 2003 release   Bruce Almighty .
Steve Carell stars as Evan Baxter , a recently elected congressman.
40 Year Old Virgin star, Steve Carell reprises his role as the polished, preening newscaster Evan Baxter of Bruce Almighty 
. Steve Carell reprises his role from , Evan Baxter , who is instructed by God  to build an ark
Planned for release in 2007, this film projects the career of Steve Carrell ?s character Evan Baxter  into the future
This quality that Mel Blanc imbued upon Porky was perhaps the swine's most memorable trait
Mel Blanc is the best-known Porky voice, as in the trademark all Folks!  .
Barrier: I was wondering if Blanc gave the Porky voice new twists
In 1937 Mel Blanc became the voice of Porky and continued the stutter as a comedic effect
Think of the specific voice Mel gave Daffy Duck or Bugs Bunny or Porky Pig … It’s just astonishing.
Also included is cartoon speaker Mel Blanc performing as Bugs Bunny , Daffy Duck , and Porky Pig 
It is also the first appearance of a Daffy Duck prototype, and the first time Mel Blanc voiced Porky Pig 
Mel Blanc always voiced Porky Pig , right
Mel Blanc is the best-known Porky voice, as in the trademark  Th-th-th-that's all Folks!
cartoon , but it also marks the first short where Porky is voiced by Mel Blanc .
Jenna then played Anna Riley in the 2000 comedy Keeping the Faith , which marked Edward Norton 's directorial debut
Also onstage will be First Jason, featuring original Jason Voorhees actor Ari Lehman , and the Razorblade Dolls
Ari Lehman portrayed young Jason in the original FRIDAY THE 13th (1980)
Ken Kirzinger won the role of Jason Voorhees , but the decision to not have Hodder
Ken was Kane Hodder 's stunt double in Friday The 13th Part VIII: Jason Takes Manhattan , and so, he knows how to do Jason
Ken Kirzinger will likely reprise the Role of Jason 
Ken Kirzinger plays Jason , and while he good, I have to say this shoulde been Kane Hodder
Kirzinger has appeared as Voorhees in ? Freddy vs Jason ?.
Kirzinger replaced Kane Hodder , which Hodder Originally Played Jason Voorhees in the last Four Friday the 13th Series
In 1908, Mel Blanc , the voice of Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck , was born
Mel Blanc , the voice of Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck , also died
That's a lot of  pork chops! ( Blanc was the  voice of Bugs Bunny , Daffy Duck and many others)
Could anyone other than Mel Blanc have voiced Bugs Bunny or Daffy Duck 
I've always liked Mel Blanc , but Woody was just too much like Daffy .
As usual, Mel Blanc provides the voice of Daffy here, while Casper was performed by Jack Lescoulie 
In 1988, Blanc performed a bit part as Daffy Duck in the wildly successful film feature,   Who Framed Roger Rabbit ?
Mel Blanc is doing Daffy 's voice here in one of his final performances as the LT characters
Voice artist Mel Blanc gave Tweety and Daffy Duck their voices through altered pitch 
Mel Blanc is doing Daffy 's voice here in one of his final performances as the LT characters.
And repeated every line that Mel Blanc said as Bugs Bunny or Daffy Duck 
Caroline played by Serena Gordon is the first Bond Girl of Goldeneye .
MGM Grand headliner Cristal Connors , played by Gina Gershon , and auditioning for the show at her suggestion
Zuniga seems especially good as the uptight Alison 
Shiftlessly succumbing to Maurice s charms is Jodie Whittaker s Jessie , the grand-niece of a friend.
(  Notting Hill ,    The Mother  ). ( Whittaker gives Jessie the uneducated accent of  Absolutely Fabulous's  Bubble)
Argento is a perfect Vellini , at once carnal and terrifying but also sensual and alluring.
Pan Yuliang is played by Gong Li , China 's best known movie star
Alley rose to prominence in the 1982 movie , playing Vulcan officer Saavik .
Robin Curtis takes over the role of Saavik , and makes you forget that Kirstie Alley originated the character
Kirstie Alley did play Saavik one other time, in a play set between ST II and ST III
Kirstie Alley played Saavik in Treks II and III.
Alley rose to prominence in the 1982 movie Star Trek: The Wrath of Khan , playing Vulcan officer Saavik .
Alley won a supporting role in the 1982 movie Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan , playing Vulcan officer Lieutenant Saavik 
Kirstie Alley  played Saavik in Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan .
The film is notable for being the first major role for Kirstie Alley , who played Lieutenant Saavik 
Alley rose to prominence in the 1982 movie Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan , playing Vulcan officer Saavik 
The final six season after Saavik Kirstie Alley replaced Shelley Long were never quite the same.
Oh, and Robin Curtis played Saavik after Kirstie Alley 
Career Alley won a supporting role in the 1982 movie Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan , playing Vulcan officer Lieutenant Saavik 
Alley rose to prominence in the 1982 movie Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan , playing Vulcan officer Saavik .
Jordan did put Kirstie Alley ?s Saavik at 17 and Ashley Judd ?s Ens
Mads Mikkelsen , who played the villain in the most recent James Bond film, is a very human man named Jacob 
Mads Mikkelsen plays Jacob who works at an orphanage in India .
Casino Royale ?s Mads Mikkelsen  plays Jacob , a Dane who runs an orphanage in India 
Mads Mikkelsen  stars as Jacob , an angry, unhappy man who helps run an orphanage in India 
, who?s a much better writer than the playwright David Shayne played by John Cusack 
John Cusack plays David Shayne , a youthful, intellectual playwright seeking to get his play staged and directed by himself.
John Cusack  stars as David Shayne , an idealistic young writer who'll do anything to get his first Broadway
Ashley portrays Brooke Tippit , captain of the cheerleading squad
Battlestar Galactica cast member Alessandro Juliani , who plays Felix Gaeta , is also in the film as a character named ?Tattoos.?
Lieutenant Felix Gaeta is portrayed by Alessandro Juliani on the series 
Bernadette Peters also won a Golden Globe Awards for her portrayal of the role of Eileen in another comedy, Pennies From Heaven in 1981.
Teresa Wright offers capable support as Eleanor Gehrig 
Kattan plays the title role in Disney ?s feature film comedy ? Corky Romano ?  with Peter Falk .
Potente plays Paula Henning , a medical student who gets into an exclusive school in Heidelberg .
Amy Sedaris  plays Jerri , who describes herself in the show's opening.
(as Amy dressed as Jerri ).
Although Jerri Blank is Sedaris
Amy Sedaris is an absolute riot as the clueless Jerri Blank 
Jerri Blank will never die as long as Amy Sedaris is making talk-show appearances.
Amy Sedaris said of Jerri Blank that  she's like a rash; you never know when she's going to pop up. [7
Looking a *lot* like Jerri Blank , Amy Sedaris 's character in Strangers with Candy .
Although Jerri Blank is Sedaris ' most well known character, she's far from her only enduring creation
Amy Sedaris appears as Jerri Blank in this 2005 anti-fur ad for 
Sedaris plays Jerri Blank , a 46-year-old ex-junkie, ex-con, that goes back to high school to start her life over.
Case in point is Sedaris ' portrayal of Jerri Blank , the anti-heroine of Strangers With Candy 
John Turturro played Pete in the movie
Rebecca Howe & The Righteous Brothers - Kirstie Alley played Rebecca Howe , a frustrated business woman on the sitcom CHEERS/ NBC /1982-93
Alley became known to millions of television viewers as Rebecca Howe in the hit NBC series Cheers 
B.J. Hunnicut  , and Cheers, with Shelley Long as Diane Chambers  swapped out for Kirstie Alley as Rebecca Howe 
Kirstie Alley played Rebecca Howe on the long-running sitcom Cheers 
The main Bond girl Camille , played by Olga Kurylenko , was an interesting psychological counter to Bond 
Ukrainian -born actress Olga Kurylenko , known to many fans as Bond girl? Camille
Get the style of Olga Kurylenko , as Bond girl Camille , with this great bubble hem skirt.
as the personal car of leading lady Olga Kurylenko , who plays Bond 's ally Camille
Kurylenko explained what sets Camille apart from the pack:  I don't think Camille is a typical Bond girl
Olga Kurylenko plays Camille , the new Bond
In case you havent met her, this is Olga Kurylenko , who plays Camille in the movie.
Ukrainian -born actress Olga Kurylenko plays Bond 's latest sidekick, Camille 
In Quantum , Olga plays Daniel Craig ?s seductive sidekick Camille , who is ? surprise
Kurylenko played Camille and Arterton played Strawberry Fields .
The Ukrainian -born Kurylenko plays the fiesty Camille , who's driven by revenge.
Kurylenko as Camille plays an excellent stereotypical Bond girl.
Twenty-eight-year-old Olga portrays Camille , who is ?very driven.
Camille Montes is played by Olga Kurylenko in .
? Olga Kurylenko ?s character, Camille , is half Ukrainian and half South American .
Olga Kurylenko will play  the dangerously alluring Camille   in the new working-titled   Bond 22 .
Kurylenko plays? th?e lates?t Bond girl Camille in? th?e film.
As 007 gets deeper into Dominc's dealings, he encounters the beautiful Camille , played by Russian actress Olga Kurylenko .
Olga Kurylenko Reveals Quantum of Solace Spoiler Olga Kurylenko portrays Camille in Quantum of Solace 
Olga Kurylenko , who played Camille , was born with six fingers on each hand.
Source: Mi6.co.uk Ukranian actress Olga Kurylenko told press last week that her character Camille has  a masculine spirit. 
On the other hand, the beautiful Kurylenko plays a stunning Camille who is tough-as-nails
In the movie the Ka is driven by Camille , the beautiful but feisty leading lady, played by Olga Kurylenko 
Someone who might return, though, is Olga Kurylenko , who plays Camille in Quantum of Solace .
As Camille , Olga Kurylenko is a special Bond
Along this path of retribution, he meets the sultry, spirited Camille  rendered by equally sultry Eurasian actress Olga Kurylenko .
Olga Kurylenko portrays the character of Camille in Quantum of Solace .
Olga Kurylenko Dishes on Bond Girl Status Olga Kurylenko plays Camille in Quantum of Solace .
Olga Kurylenko plays the gorgeous Camille in the new James Bond
Olga Kurylenko plays Camille , who has inherited the new mantle of tough-as-nails Bond Girls .
Olga Kurylenko plays Camille and I thought she looked over tanned.
In the Disney animated film , Patrick Warburton played a doltish henchman named Kronk
Spade and Goodman have great chemistry, but Patrick Warburton  really steals the show as the lovable Kronk .
Despite my distaste for these cheapquels, Patrick Warburton s performance as Kronk makes this thing worth watching
In the Disney animated film The Emperor's New Groove , Patrick Warburton played a doltish henchman named Kronk
In both films and the show, Kronk is voiced by Patrick Warburton 
But the one that gets me to well up is this TV movie starring James Caan as Chicago Bears hero Brian Piccolo 
Caan also garnered an Emmy Award nomination for his role as football star Brian Piccolo in the original Brian's Song .
The relationship between Brian Piccolo and Gale Sayers was performed beautifully by James Caan and Billy Dee Williams .
Caan also garnered an Emmy Award nomination for his role as football star Brian Piccolo in the original   Brian's Song . 
Garlin plays James Aaron , a middle-aged actor who lives with his mom and hasn't gotten laid in five years.
Berkley 's character Nomi Malone is a rude, thoroughly unlikable bitch in every scene we see her.
Elizabeth Berkley is simply fantastic as Nomi Malone .
Berkley plays the role of Nomi Malone , a drifter that made her way from a stripper to a showgirl
Elizabeth Berkley  is Nomi Malone , a mysterious, sassy, emotional basket case with a dream.
spazztastic Nomi Malone played by Elizabeth Berkely .. STILLS: More Lost Odyssey video game stills for the Xbox 360 ..
is to say - absolutely none... spend our first eight minutes with spazztastic Nomi Malone played by Elizabeth Berkely .
Elizabeth Berkley  plays  Nomi Malone , a top-heavy young  innocent  who hitchhikes to Las Vegas to become a showgirl diva
Elizabeth Berkley plays Nomi Malone , a woman who goes to Las Vegas to become a dancer and who is.
Elizabeth Berkley  plays impetuous Nomi Malone , a young girl who heads into Las Vegas
Elizabeth Berkley played Nomi Malone in which of the following movies?
This time round   Planet Of The Apes   star Mark Whalberg replaces Michael Caine to take on the role of master thief Charlie Croker .
Sir Michael 's character Charlie Croker utters the immortal last words:   Hang on a minute, lads.
Half crook and half suave secret agent, Caine turns Croker into a charismatic and likable rogue.
Michael Caine plays the lead charater as Charlie Croker , Noel Coward as Mr. Bridger and Benny Hill as Professor Simon Peach.
Michael Caine plays the part of Charlie Croker , a cheeky criminal who has just been released from prison.
Additionally, Uma Thurman plays Anne de Montausier , the King 's favorite  lady-in-waiting 
Uma Thurman plays Anne de Montausier , the queen's attendant, who is courted by both Lauzin and Louis himself.
Unfortunately, Josh Hartnett plays Tom .
Hartnett gives a fairly complex portrayal of Tom 
Synopsis: Josh Hartnett plays Tom Sterling , an Internet sycophant who thinks enthusiastic use of..
The story progresses as he hires Leo Bloom played by Matthew Broderick as his accountant.
Nathan Lane is hysterical as always and Matthew Brodrick plays a fair Leo Bloom .
Nathan Lane is really good as Max Bialystock , but Matthew Broderick is FANTASTIC as Leo Bloom .
In the travelling production Alan Ruck  plays the role of Leo Bloom , Matthew Broderick 's role in NY .
Broderick tried hard to channel Gene Wilder , who played the original Leo Bloom , but gets only a B grade
Burkell is better suited to the role of Bloom than Matthew Broderick , who played the role on Broadway 
Mathew Broderick plays Leo Bloom , the nervous accountant
Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick lead the way as Bialystock and Bloom respectively
Nathan Lane is hysterical as always and Matthew Brodrick plays a fair Leo Bloom 
Matthew Broderick gives Leo Bloom a nice sense of innocence, even while pulling off the ultimate scheme
Broderick tried hard to channel Gene Wilder , who played the original Leo Bloom , but gets only a B grade.
(even though I felt that Broderick wasn't quite as good as Leo Bloom as Lane was as Max Bialystock 
Writer, director and occasional Silent Bob actor Kevin Smith said it best during his ?An evening with Kevin Smith ? DVD.
As a sidenote, Mary is played by Emily Watson , whose performance was nothing short of a sidenote.
;) ( Han Keiko , who voiced Luna in the anime, has returned to reprise her role).
October 03, 2003 :: The New Actors & Actresses: The voice of Luna will be Han Keiko
Tom Hanks was great as Robert , and I really didn give a crap about his hair
And yeah, Tom Hanks wasn?t the best Robert Langdon , even though I do love Tom .
Tom Hank is playing Robert Langdon and the movie is directed by Ron Howard .
Tom Hanks reprises his role as Harvard religious expert Robert Langdon , who once again finds that...
Tom Hanks reprises his role as Harvard religious expert Robert Langdon , who once again finds that forces with ancient roots...
Tom Hanks returns as Robert Langdon along with Ron Howard , who will direct the movie.
Hey Tom Hanks is back as Robert Langdon then I am seeing it.
Tom Hanks will reprise his role  as the Harvard religious expert Robert Langdon .
This book will soon be turned into a movie and Tom Hanks will play Robert Langdon .
Two interesting things today: 1) Tom Hanks might star as Robert Langdon in the movie version of The Da Vinici Code.
And what about Tom Hanks jumping back into Robert Langdon
( Robert Langdon will still be played by Tom Hanks ).
Tom Hanks returns as Robert Langdon in the film that also lifted from the works of Dan Brown novel is.
Tom Hanks will play Robert Langdon , Harvard  professor of symbology .
Hanks himself has no personality, so Hanks playing Langdon seems the worst possible choice.
Tom Hanks was not right for Robert Langdon .
( Kamal Kapoor , who looks an awful lot like Narang ).
For most of his life, Evan Handler has been no Harry Goldenblatt 
According to Evan Handler , who plays Charlotte 's husband Harry Goldenblatt , there could be a death in the city
Evan Handler is better known to Sex and the City fans as Charlotte 's husband, Harry Goldenblatt .
According to Evan Handler , who plays Charlotte ?s husband Harry Goldenblatt , there could be a death in the city
Binoche plays the Miriam as a watchdog but rather, as BEE SEASON grows more renascent, increase it.
Also a shock to my system: French beauty JULIETTE BINOCHE as the kleptomaniacal, Brillo-haired, pear-shaped mother, Miriam 
Also a shock to my system: French beauty JULIETTE BINOCHE as the kleptomaniacal, Brillo-haired, pear-shaped mother, Miriam .
Juliette Binoche character, Miriam , is a lawyer in the book
Arness later found steady work in Dodge City as Marshal Matt Dillon 
Gunsmoke was a popular radio show and moved easily onto camera with James Arness replacing William Conrad as Matt Dillon 
Besides James Arness , who played Matt Dillon on ''Gunsmoke,'' Milburn Stone played Doc Adams on that show for 20 years
[On early episodes James Arness as Matt Dillon narrated this short sermon from Boot Hill outside of Dodge City :]
Actors asked to play Matt Dillon on TV before Arness included John Wayne and Denver Pyle 
In fact, Wayne recommended Arness for the role of Matt Dillon 
Fellow record holders include James Arness of 50?s western series   Gunsmoke  , who also played Marshall Dillon for 20 years straight
Matt Dillon played by James Arness comes to mind.
As a matter of fact, Wayne recommended Arness for the role of Matt Dillon 
James Arness played Matt Dillon throughout the series
James Arness  is an Emmy -nominated American actor best known for portraying Marshal Matt Dillon on Gunsmoke for 20 years
. On   Gunsmoke  , James Arness played Matt Dillon and Amanda Blake played Miss Kitty 
Troy Baker plays Pea Eye Parker , previously played by Timothy Scott and Sam Shepard 
Sam Shepard as Pea Eye Parker is a considerable improvement over Tim Scott , the original Pea Eye
Keira Knightley at the premiere of her boyfriend Rupert Friend ?s film Cheri in Germany last night
Keira Knightley at the premiere of her boyfriend Rupert Friend ?s film Cheri in Germany last night.
Cheri looks phenomenal, and supposedly Rupert Friend is fantastic in The Young Victoria .
Keira Knightley ?at?the premiere of her boyfriend Rupert Friend ?s film Cheri in Germany last night.
Keira Knightley ?at?the premiere of her boyfriend Rupert Friend ?s film Cheri in Germany last night
Will Q and Moneypenny Be Coming Back To Bond ?
Bond producer Cubby Broccoli offered her the Miss Moneypenny role
Is it really true that Q and Moneypenny will be coming back for the next Bond
Appearing only once in a Bond film, Miss Smallbone appears as Moneypenny 's assistant in Octopussy 
Samantha Bond , who starred as Miss Moneypenny in the Bond ..
And back when she first got the renewed Moneypenny role, Samantha Bond would have made an interesting Westbrook 
SAMANTHA BOND is the aptly-named actress who takes over the role of M 's able assistant Miss Moneypenny 
/ / Will Q and Moneypenny Be Coming Back To Bond 
He appeared alongside Samantha Bond , who played Miss Moneypenny in the Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan era.
Bye! Then came the Brosnan years and the role of Moneypenny was given to Samantha Bond 
Samantha , who played Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond ...
Samantha Bond played Miss Moneypenny during Pierce Brosnan 's time as Agent 007 and is of my generation, BUT...
Samantha Bond als Moneypenny hat eine unbezahlbare Szene und Michael Madsen  hat einen eher kurzen Auftritt .
Samantha , who played Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond film Die..
Judi Dench is strong as the new   M  , but Samantha Bond seems too cutesy and lacks substance as Moneypenny .
He appeared alongside Samantha Bond , who played Miss Moneypenny in the Pierce Brosnan series of Bond films
Bye! Then came the Brosnan years and the role of Moneypenny was given to Samantha Bond 
He appeared alongside Samantha Bond , who played Miss Moneypenny in the Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan era
Travolta rebounded his acting career with the portrayal of cab-driver-turned-baby-sitter James Ubriacco in Amy Heckerling 's low-budget comedy Look Who's Talking 
Kurita has managed to capture though not completely recreate Yamada 's voice for Lupin .
Though Danny Devito was quite a natural choice for Max Fairbanks .
Sykes played a sarcastic maid in Earth and a hooker, Biggie Shorty , in Pootie Tang 
Danny played Max Feldman , a holocaust survivor, who had told his children very little about his past.
Danny Kaye portrays the fictional   Max Feldman  , a Holocaust survivor. .
The original Velma was Nicole Jaffe 
The role of Velma was originated by Nicole Jaffe in the original, Scooby Doo, Where Are You series.
(This was also when Nicole Jaffe , the first voice for Velma disappeared from Hanna Barbera )
Group leader Freddy was played by Frank Welker , while Nicole Jaffe voiced the intellectual Velma 
James Marsden plays Prince Edward , looking and acting like a rubber-faced cartoon handsome prince
James Marsden is funny as the clueless Prince Edward and Susan Sarandon captures the evil that becomes the villainous Queen .
James Marsden is hilarious as Prince Edward 
Marsden fantastically plays Prince Edward , Giselle ?s love in her fairy tale world
James Marsden , who played Prince Edward in the film, was on Regis and Kelly yesterday
While Amy Adams is delightful, and James Marsden plays Prince Edward with a fine comedic style the movie still feels too formulaic
James Marsden , who plays Prince Edward , stars in , and the movie, , based off the Broadway Production.
However, the true find of this flick is James Marsden , who plays Prince Edward .
James Marsden of X-Men and the recent Superman Returns plays the perfect Prince Edward , singing his way to boastful perfection.
The intra-band dynamic and cross-generational hijinks intrigued Emma Stone , who portrays Amelia .
Stone delivers a solid performance as the perpetually dour Amelia , and Gad 's delightful awkwardness is splendid
Unfortunately Hayden 's character Jammer doesn't have a t-shirt yet but hopefully that will be fixed soon
Newman played Fast Eddie Felson who taught Vincent Lauria , played by Tom Cruise , the ropes of pool hustling
Actor Randeep Hooda plays the painter while Nandana sen plays his sensual muse Sugandha .
Anthony Michael Hall plays Mike Engel in TDK , a news reporter
In 2008, Hall appeared as Gotham City television reporter/anchor Mike Engel in The Dark Knight 
Joseph Gordon-Levitt  plays Chris , once a high-school hockey star from a wealthy family.
Joseph Gordon Levitt plays Chris Pratt .
 Behind the Mind of Chris Pratt   focuses on Gordon-Levitt 's preparation for the role and how he approached the character
Joseph Gordon-Levitt  plays Chris , once a high-school hockey star from a wealthy family
As expected, JGL 's performance as Chris Pratt was brilliant  but the movie itself was missing something.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt plays Chris Pratt , a young man whose life changes after a car accident.
Gordon-Levitt was good as Chris but co-star Matthew Goode was even better as Gary.
Gordon-Levitt plays Chris Pratt , a young man suffering from brain damage  sustained in a fatal car accident.
The unfamiliar comes from Chris Pratt played by the aforementioned Joseph Gordon-Levitt 
Hogan 's character, Mick Dundee , is therefore both an  everyman  and a modern Tarzan 
Australian actor Paul Hogan , better known as Mick Dundee from the popular Crocodile Dundee movies, apparently has tax problems in Australia 
Synopsis The first two comedy adventures for Paul Hogan 's fish-out-of-water Mick Dundee .
Hogan 's rogue, Mick Dundee , introduced the larrikin to the world in 1986
For better or for worse, Hogan became typecast as Mick Dundee 
  Paul Hogan returns as Mick Dundee in this second sequel to the hit 1986 fish-out-of-water comedy.
Summary: Paul Hogan returns as the famous Mick Dundee in this third film of the   Crocodile Dundee   franchise
Australian actor Paul Hogan , better known as Mick Dundee from..
Dundee was written for Hogan in part by Hogan in order to feature that persona
Dana Carvey plays Garth Algar , Wayne 's lovable, but not quite personable sidekick
Dana 's nerdy character Garth Algar in the Wayne's World comedy sketches and movies is based on his brother
In Guy, Lee plays Paul , a dude who faces impending nuptials
Jason Lee stars as Paul , a happy-go-lucky, decent sort of chap, engaged to Karen .
Dorian ?s friend Basil Hallward is played by the veteran British actor Richard Todd 
Playing  two roles , Rock Hudson is wonderful as Webster and in his shy, virgin-like disguise as  Dr
accent, Essman 's Mittens may remind viewers of a more assertive Jessie from Toy Story 2 
Sussie Essman is also great as Mittens , but the real scene-stealer is Mark Walton as Rhino .
Susie Essman was great as Mittens and gave her a lot of emotion.
Shinichi 's voice is performed by Kappei Yamaguchi , the voice actor for Ranma 
Alongside him, Amanda Righetti takes the female lead, while Derek Mears stars as Jason Voorhees 
- Derek Mears is the new Jason Voorhees
However, while Derek Mears does the part of Jason Voorhees justice, he doesnt make any improvements to the role.
Nothing against Derek Mears , but I believe Kane Hodder was the ultimate Jason .
Derek Mears stars as Jason Voorhees in New Line Cinema s upcoming release, FRIDAY THE 13TH .
 In no way is Jason a martial-arts character,  Mears said.
Friday was lean and slick, and Derek Mears was very good as Jason .
Mears plays Jason Voorhees in the newest  Friday the 13th  movie released Friday
It's not what I expected in my mind...but I think Derek Mears will put the fear in Jason Voorhees again.
3375 x 1906 Derek Mears stars as Jason Voorhees in Paramount Pictures ' Friday the 13th .
Derek Mears , who plays Jason  says his Jason is not as lethargic, but quicker and smarter.
Derek Mears stars as Jason Voorhees in 'Friday the 13th'.
( Derek Mears , who plays Jason ).
According to ComingSoon.net, Derek Mears has been cast as Jason Voorhees in New Line Cinema and Platinum Dunes ' new Friday the 13th movie
Derek Mears stars as Jason Voorhees in a scene from the 2009 version of 1980's  Friday the 13th. 
Derek Mears stars as Jason Voorhees in 'Friday the 13th
Derek Mears stars as Jason Voorhees .
Even without the Jason get-up, Derek Mears is a scary looking dude 
Alongside him, Amanda Righetti takes the female lead, while Derek Mears stars as Jason Voorhees .
- Stunt man Derek Mears  plays the infamous Jason Voorhees 
The upcoming re-imagining of Jason Voorhees stars Derek Mears 
Derek Mears stars as Jason Voorhees in  Friday the 13th. 
I hope for the best and with Marcus Nispel directing and Derek Mears playing the part as Jason
Source: Latino Review ( Derek Mears , who plays Jason ).
Guido's wife, Dora , is played by Roberto Benigni 's real-life wife, Nicoletta Braschi .
Benigni plays the role of Guido while his real-life wife, Nicoletta Braschi , co-stars as Dora .
Boris Grishenko played by Alan Cumming is the fourth villain of Goldeneye .
On the big screen, Leachman earned an Oscar for her riveting portrayal of lonely Texas housewife Ruth Popper in 
(okay, Sugita actually looks like Kyon too.).
Sugita is just perfect as Kyon ...
Fiennes is frightening as Goeth , who kills Jews for pleasure, yet has a fetish for his Jewish maid 
Valentin Dmitrovich Zukovsky played by Robbie Coltrane appears in Goldeneye and The World Is Not Enough 
Bryan 's final original work as Fudd came in the Warner Bros. Edward R. Murrow spoof,  Person to Bunny  
First came the real-life deaths of Elmer Fudd actor Arthur Q. Bryan 
(although Arthur Q. Bryan voiced Elmer Fudd ).
In one though ?  The Bugs Bunny Easter Song  ? Bryan does Fudd
( Arthur Q. Bryan , who also voiced Elmer Fudd in the Looney Tunes cartoons)
Arthur Q. Bryan nearly always voiced Elmer Fudd , but he was not once credited
(and Arthur Q. Bryan , the voice of Elmer Fudd , to play Elmer Fudd )
Voices are by Mel Blanc , except Elmer was voiced by Arthur Q. Bryan .
After Bryan died in 1959, Mel Blanc became the main voice of Elmer Fudd 
Arthur Q. Bryan , the man who created the voice of Elmer Fudd was Doc Gamble .
Arthur Q. Bryan provided the voice of Fudd 
Arthur Q. Bryan was the voice of Elmer Fudd .
And Shatner is playing the voice of the Core 
James Mason plays Johnny McQueen , an Irish freedom fighter who is seriously wounded early in the film
James Mason stars as Johnny McQueen , an IRA officer wounded during a botched raid, who becomes the f..
film stars Mason as idealistic IRA leader Johnny McQueen
The incomparable Anne Ramsey brought Mama Fratelli to life in the way only she could.
SEAN BEAN is Alec Trevelyan , Bond 's former compatriot Agent 006, who presents his old friend with a stunning revelation
Sean Bean is okay as Alec Trevelyan , though the home-counties accent sounds strange coming from a Yorkshireman 's lips
, an agent who works for The Man , Denise Richards  stars as White She Devil 
In the end both Don and his girlfriend Anita played by Ishaa Koppikar escape, bewildering the police and Roma 
Alison Lohman stars as Christine Brown , ?an ambitious LA loan officer with a charming boyfriend, professor Clay Dalton .
