If you're a speed metal fan, you'll like Reno -based Fall Silent 's latest offering, Drunken Violence 
However: buy the  Love Kills!  album and the side project Controlled Fusion 's latest album   Patient Zero   first.
In 2002 Amr Diab released an Album called Rewind .
1996 Sven produces the soundtrack for the Ralf Huettner movie ? Der Kalte Finger ?  together with B-ZET 
The Earth Pressed Flat is 10,000 Maniacs
10,000 Maniacs began   Trouble Me ,  an old one.
Roger Waters used these same chord forms in   The Bravery Of Being Out Of Range   from his 1992 solo release Amused To Death
Dave, The Chantays were a surf guitar group, and the Pipeline is the name of a Hawaiian surf break
This was Waters ' setup from 1999-2000; though in 2000, Waters also played a red Fender Stratocaster during   The Bravery Of Being Out Of Range .
A well-drafted, De-vision and Green Court , Shining  CD5, Shining  different paragraphs first
While preparing for the Eurovision Song Contest the German band No Angels has released their album; Destiny Reloaded .
Kammel Kalamak  Diab 's latest album, Kammel Kalamak is the long anticipated follow up to Leily Nahary 
Kammel Kalamak  Diab 's latest album, Kammel Kalamak is the long anticipated follow up to Leily Nahary 
10,000 Maniacs discography, download 10,000 Maniacs music, 10,000 Maniacs albums, - The Wishing Chair by 10,000 Maniacs .
Retro is a KMFDM compilation album, initially released in 1996 as a promotional item and re-released in 1998.
1999's The Earth Pressed Flat finds 10,000 Maniacs exploring similar musical terrain as their previous album, Love Among the Ruins , on which singer Mary Ramsey debuted.
After playing   Break Your Heart  , she pulled out   These Are Days  , from the Maniacs album, Our Time In Eden 
Nah...the best CD for Quake is KMFDM 's Angst 
Godlike occurs as KMFDM single off of the album Naïve .
Durante toured with KMFDM and provided guitar and some songwriting on the subsequent albums Nihil [4] and Xtort .[5
File this one next to Steve Martin , Judy Tenuta and Bette Midler circa Mud Will Be Flung Tonight .
Bette Midler - RCR worked with Bette on her album Bathhouse Betty , 1998.
- Bette released Live At Last and Broken Blossom 
November The soundtrack to Bette ?s TV presentation of Gypsy was released
This is so far my all time favorite KMFDM song, from my favorite KMFDM album   Attak  .
Bette Midler : Midler covered Ol ' '55 on   Songs For The New Depression   
Cameron Paul, a San Francisco DJ ; remixes 'Push It,' a tune from Salt-N-Pepa 's  album,   Hot, Cool & Vicious .
Now in their 23rd year, KMFDM remain a. HAU RUCK .
- Bette released Live At Last and Broken Blossom 
Click on  more info  Amr Diab 's video clip Tamally Maak  with English ..
Jfc Live! was Jeffries Fan Club 's first live album and fifth album.
Roger and Ron also collaborated on MUSIC FROM THE BODY , a bizarre soundtrack album for the film   The Body  
Recommended to enthusiasts of the isolationist terror of Painkiller ?s Execution Ground ambient disc, Lustmord , and Scorn
In 1993 Fleshcrawl s second album   Impurity   was produced in Dan Swanö 's Unisound Studio 
Op 31 maart komt het album   Hills And Valleys   van the Flatlanders uit op het New West label.
Appeared in the Salt-N-Pepa video, Whatta Man .
  None Of Your Business   was Salt 'N Pepa 's 4th single release by their 4th multiplatinum album  Very Necessary 
WWIII follows the common KMFDM practice of naming albums, and many songs, with five symbols.
Salt-N-Pepa video Shoop on Music .
After almost three decades, Bette reunited with Manilow in 2003 for Bette Midler Sings The Rosemary Clooney Songbook .
Painkiller 's brief Buried Secrets  is a powerful psychological experience
Her first two solo efforts,  and the astonishing Ophelia  were worthy successors to the 10,000 Maniacs sendoff, MTV Unplugged 
There is some mystery regarding the His Name is Alive song  King of Sweet 
Sweet Earth Flower might be His Name Is Alive
The Tragically Hip released   In Between Evolution   in 2004.
From The Tragically Hip 's full length debut album Up To Here from 1989
After the completion of the tour for Stars on ESP , His Name Is Alive leader Warren Defever
Also made during this time was a trailer for the Bette Midler film DIVINE MADNESS 
Hipeponymous brings the music of The Tragically Hip to youLive!
He came out of the store with Drive Like Jehu s Yank Crime .
Music video by The Tragically Hip performing My Music At Work : 
Aykroyd gives the Tragically Hip a noisome intro, and singer Gord Downie assumes his twitchy madman persona, letting loose with  Music At Work 
Review: Bite Down Hard is the third release from Britny Fox , and the first to feature new vocalist Tommy Paris.
Keller 's collaboration album, Dream , was released on February 6, 2007
I actually own a copy of   Road Apples   signed by the Hip 
Artists  Regina Belle Regina Belle Songs Lazy Afternoon
Ephel Duath was amazing on   The Painter's Palette   but that's about all I've ever cared about from 'em
Glimmer makes Richey sound like one of folk music's sensitive, self-pitying, depressed troubadours.
Canada most loved band The Tragically Hip is back with World Container , their 11th album that was just released last Tuesday.
Ash In The Rainbow is Haco 's collaboration with cellist Hiromichi Sakamoto.
Carmen , the acoustic version in English , to promote the new release: Future Past EP by Anything Box 
On February 8, 2006, Keller Williams hit the stage at Denver ?s Fillmore with a project he calls Grateful Grass .
Raiders is an song by Anne Dudley on American History X Soundtrack .
Petraglia co-wrote several songs on Richey 's previous album, 1997's aptly titled and critically praised Bitter Sweet 
Music video by The Tragically Hip performing Little Bones : 
One film composer I like here is Anne Dudley , who did the Pushing Tin soundtrack
Author's note: This work of fan fiction was inspired by and based on The Tragically Hip 's epic song   Nautical Disaster .
Oblique Sessions  is a collaboration with Comelade , Berrocal & Liebezeit.
Phantom Power is the sixth full-length album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip .
The French avant-garde musician Pascal Comelade included several cover versions on his 1987 album El Primitivismo 
In 2006, Midler released  Cool Yule , a Christmas album featuring the title song and a duet with Johhny Mathis 
Tony Rice sings   Cold On The Shoulder   from the TNN television series American Music Shop
Also, a 2005 release   Mary Never Wanted Jesus   credited to Genesis P-Orridge & Thee Majesty featured archive PTV material alongside new Thee Majesty
mistrust's remix of   Rude Mechanicals   by NZ band Pitch Black gets an official release on the bands own label....
Twenty years later, Tony recorded   Fishscale   with John Carlini  on River Suite For Two Guitars 
Did the Free Design make any recordings before Kites Are Fun 
From the mewithoutYou album,   Catch For Us The Foxes ,  in stores now on Tooth & Nail Records !..
In 2000, Lindsay won the role of   Rose   in Bette Midler 's television sitcom, Bette 
Les Luthiers : Bromato De Armonio par Carlos López Puccio , Daniel Rabinovich , ... Les Luthiers : Hacen Muchas Gracias De Nada par Les Luthiers  ..
The band probably hit its zenith when Rice released the all-instrumental Unit Of Measure  in 2000
In my opinion, Tony 's version of Church Street Blues is one of his finest recorded moments
Darren Hanlon  After the success of his Hello Stranger and Little Chills albums, Darren Hanlon returns with the wonderful Fingertips and Mountaintops
Hanlon went to the US last year as the Fields ' support act, taking his most recent album, Little Chills 
In 1992, Faye released Coming Home , an album that fuelled her career in an unexpected way
I have been looking for the Ugly Casanova cd,   Sharpen Your Teeth   for nearly 2 years now
Jacob Kirkegaard performs Eldfjall live in Spain ...
After the release of Chalk Mark in a Rainstorm , Mitchell participated in Roger Waters ' The Wall Concert in Berlin 
Jenkins also worked with Harry Nilsson on A Little Touch of Schmilsson in the Night , a collection of pre-rock and roll standards
In his latest work for Touch ,  4 Rooms  , Kirkegaard explores the sonic legacy of Chernobyl .
Portland lo-fi folk rock band Horse Feathers  released their acclaimed House With No Home in September on Kill Rock Stars .
Carrie Rodriguez is paired with Chip Taylor on the new Trainwreck Records release Live From The Ruhr Triennale available now
I found both of Mofro 's earlier discs, Blackwater , and Lochloosa , also intriguing.
Sparrow was originally on Mira Calix 's first album called One On One .
It was amazing, but the first thing I thought of while watching them sing   American Idiot   was   Max Frost and The Troopers   and   Shape of Things to Come   
Rodriguez was taken by Taylor in his next album   Let's Leave This Town  , that was released in 2002.
That person may be onto something since Hezekiah 's video for   I Predict A Riot   was released one year ago.
Dr. Dre has been recording for Dretox since 2000 and apparently has over 400 records for the album.
In 1995, Gavin Friday releases the classic Shag Tobacco , produced by Bomb the bass ' Tim Simenon .
Ward ?s previous album, End of Amnesia , was a romantic fusion of silence and soft acoustic melodies
In 1973, The Divine Miss M garnered Midler a Grammy for Best New Artist .
And Orange Blossoms , the fourth album by JJ Grey & MOFRO should add more to the fold.
Du ciment sous les plaines  is an album by Noir Désir .
Regina Belle is enjoying the success of her first Gospel CD,   Love Forever Shines   featuring the song,   God is Good  .
Expectations were high,I am a fan of Deschanel ?s voice, and I enjoyed Ward ?s albums Post-War  and Transfiguration of Vincent 
After the Henmans left, April Wine released the harder-edged Electric Jewels in 1973
  Stand Back   is April Wine 's fourth full-length studio-album
Now regrouped with four of its early members, April Wine released Back to the Mansion in 2001
In 2001 Grey ’s debut album, BLACKWATER , was released under the name Mofro 
Tone Soul Evolution is the second album from The Apples In Stereo .
666.667 Club is an song by Noir Désir on 666.667 Club .
Des visages des figures is an album by French rock band Noir Désir 
It's rougher than anything on the deliberately-rough Apples in Stereo album Velocity of Sound .
In 1997 Cuccurullo completed Machine Language , an ambient instrumental guitar album, also released on Imago
He also explains that the Skatalites '   Latin Goes Ska   is an instrumental version of the Cuban song  Pachito El Che. 
Fireball Zone is an album from Ric Ocasek .
More recently, a live version appeared on Irish-American punk band Flogging Molly 's 1997 release Alive Behind the Green Door 
By 1976 Pablo had released a substantially re-imagined single version of   East Of The River Nile . 
Girls And Boys is actually Michaelson 's second record, but she spoke somewhat dismissively of her lesser-known debut, Slow The Rain 
  The Others   , a song from the Dukes of Windsor 's album of the same name, Remixed by TV Rock 
JJ Grey & MOFRO have been nominated for a Jammy Award for Song of the Year for  Circles  off of the 2007 release Country Ghetto 
My review of The Apples in Stereo album Electronic Projects for Musicians has been published on Blogcritics .
As I posted last week, M Ward 's new record, Post-War , which comes out in mid August, is terrific.
This month's song   You and I   is by Ingrid Michaelson from her album   Be Ok  
In addition to his on-air duties, Hannity is also the author of the New York Times best-seller, Sean Hannity , Let Freedom Ring 
Viktoria Tolstoy Swedish singer Viktoria Tolstoy just released her latest album   My Russian Soul    on September 23, 2008
Watch M Ward s  Hold Time
Seth Gueko ft Sefyu / Patate de Forain
Dolby gave Lovich his song   New Toy ,  which became a British hit in 1981
Roger Waters public? Radio KAOS , Amused to Death  y la ? pera Ça Ira 
When I purchased M.Ward 's newest record Transistor Radio , these memories came back in deluge
Flogging Molly new full-length album Within a Mile of Home is set for release on September 14th
Try   Lucky Number   on Lene Lovich ?s red-vinyl Stateless [Stiff Records SEEZ 7]
I enjoyed Twin Freaks more, Paul 's partnership with DJ and producer Freelance Hellraiser .
Paul McCartney will release   The Space Within Us  , a live concert video, in October
Blues Matters! - Super Chikan new album   Sum' Mo' Chikan . .
... Whiskey on a Sunday is a 2006 album by the Irish-American punk band Flogging Molly 
Buoyed by the rising popularity of   Girls and Boys ,  Miss Michaelson left New York and took up residence on the road
Flogging Molly s weakly  Drunken Lullabies  has no visible association of this sort; neither does Sugarcult
Buzzgrinder interviews Apples in Stereo bassist Eric Allen about the band's new album, New Magnetic Wonder 
Maybe   Wingspan   is McCartney 's way of providing closure to the second phase of his life
It was the first time McCartney had recorded an album in England since 1973's?  Red Rose Speedway  
Co-produced with Nigel Godrich , Chaos And Creation is McCartney 's first record since 2001's Driving Rain 
Paul performs Mull Of Kintyre during tonight's Get Back
I mean, Paul McCartney was already at Press To Play when he was about your age.
The Pet Shop Boys did It Couldn’t Happen Here , Macca did Give My Regards To Broad Street
I was just thinking about buying Paul 's newest album   Liverpool Sound Collage  .
Eric Stewart had appeared on McCartney 's Pipes of Peace album,[100] and he co-wrote most of McCartney 's 1986 album, Press to Play 
Paul McCartney 's Amoeba's Secret is coming to CD !
1980, Paul McCartney 's LP, McCartney II , reaches #1 in the UK charts.
In 1993 New releases included Mick Jagger 's the solo album   Wandering Spirit   and Paul McCartney 's album   Off the Ground .
Paul McCartney performing Lady Madonna in Minneapolis on the   Wings Over America   tour.
In 1999, Paul McCartney included a cover of   Lonesome Town   on his album   Run Devil Run .
Likwidation is the third album by West Coast hip hop group Tha Alkaholiks , released in 1997 on Loud Records 
Paul McCartney performs George Harrison 's  Something  on a ukelele in the Concert for George ...
Paul still favored the   Thrillington   concept, only this time, he took it to a grand scale
Finnish female-fronted metal band AMBERIAN DAWN will release its debut album,   River of Tuoni  , on January 30, 2008 via Suomen Musiikki.
Erstwhile BUCK CHERRY vocalist JOSH TODD releases his debut solo album, ' You Made Me ', through Todd Entertainment on March 9th
'Ya Akhi', first single from Ahmed Bukhatir 's album   Da'ani  .
  La Maravilla   is the debut studio album by Dominican - American reggaeton singer-songwriter Arcangel , officially released in April 2008.
I think the quickest cover I ever did was the one for Mortician s Re-animated Dead Flesh 
The 11 Beatles songs featured on PAUL IS LIVE did not appear on McCartney 's previous live album TRIPPING THE LIVE FANTASTIC .
US death metal band Mortician have made several songs about the movie, including   Chainsaw Dismemberment   and  Hacked up for Barbecue 
Gauthier sang on Ray Wylie Hubbard 's latest,   Growl ,  and is name-checked on  Name Droppin',  a tune on   Growl . 
Although my favourite Turisas songis on The Varangian Way , overally I enjoy more the Battle Metal album!
In 1997, Citizen King signed to Warner Brothers records, and in 1999 released their first  major label release, Mobile Estates ..
Guru Josh Project performed the world premier of   Infinity 2008  ..
... Firewater is the fifth album by West Coast hip hop group Tha Alkaholiks , released in January 2006 through Waxploitation Records 
In 2004, Loon left Bad Boy to start his own label, Boss Up Entertainment 
Smartly, Nouvelle Vague made  Bande A Part s arrangements and overall feel different from the first album.
Tantric 's new album,   The End Begins  , is set to be released early next year
Kate Ryan For fans of European vocal trance, it would be hard to beat Kate Ryan s Stronger .
O: What do you think of Paul 's latest album,   Flowers in the Dirt ?
Excerpt from Turisas 's album Battle Metal !
This is a mix of clips of Soul Calibur 's Raphael dubbed to Kate Ryan 's Desenchantee 
In 2007, the label released Saigon 's debut mixtape, The Moral of the Story .
Ecce Cor Meum  is Paul fourth classical album since his first released in 1991, The Liverpool Oratorio 
Kubb s Mother
Hard 'n Phirm 's fourth track on Horses and Grasses is   Pi   
boxed set  and I found Lori McKenna 's record,   Bittertown  , to be really interesting
Frank Turner playing Long Live the Queen at The Junction in Cambridge , 19/01/09.Sorry about my dodgy camera work...
The main course is Red , the sophomore album from Guillemots 
All but two of the songs on My World come from Cyndi and Tommy Lee .
Oh, I had to laugh when I heard the title of Lori McKenna ?s latest CD, Unglamorous 
Music critic Serene Dominic notes that Dusty in London  collects most of See All Her Faces  and Dusty . . 
Welcome Guillemots whose critically acclaimed debut album, Through The Windowpane , was nominated for a Mercury Music Prize last year
Frank Turner 's music on Campfire Punkrock is folksy, mellow and melodic.
Ryan. Kate Ryan mp3, The Promise You Made downloads.
On June 14, 1994, Lush released Split , produced by Mike Hedges 
Later in 1980, McCartney entered the studio with Beatles producer George Martin to make Tug of War 
D. Rider will release   Mother Of Curses ,  their new album on Tizona Records, February 17th.
The Spin Doctors hit the Top 40 with   You Let Your Heart Go Too Fast . 
Riding high on the resulting wave of Baby Boomer nostalgia, McCartney released a new solo album inearly 1997, Flaming Pie 
McCartney , who died in 1998, was the wife of former Beatles member Paul McCartney , and both were vegetarians.
However, in 1996, Lush did score a minor US alterna-radio hit with  Ladykillers  from their final album, Lovelife 
said: how can all agree that a YMO album Naughty Boys and instrumental is good?
Roger Waters ,  The Tide is Turning  from Radio KAOS .
Naughty Boys Instrumental was the seventh album by Yellow Magic Orchestra .
He has also confirmed he has co-produced a track on the upcoming Dr. Dre album Detox .
Happy End was re-recorded by YMO on BGM 
In some ways White Heat was for Dusty Springfield what 1979's Broken English was for Marianne Faithfull .
On Monday, Bradley refused to answer reporters' questions regarding his rumored ownership of the 1991 Spin Doctors album Pocket Full Of Kryptonite 
Mos Def has joined The Roots on two previous albums, Things Fall Apart and The Tipping Point .
Organix is the debut album by The Roots .
  Spooky   is The first album of Lush and produced by Robin Guthrie 
The NY Times just published a good article on The Roots and their new album, ? Rising Down ? .
Phrenology  is the sixth album from The Roots .
Rieflin came along and participated in the creation of Ministry 's ground-breaking album Land of Rape and Honey 
John-Michael Howson is co-writer of the hit Australian musical   Dusty   about the life of 60s singer, Dusty Springfield .
The hit single ' Jenny Wren ' from Paul McCartney 's new critically acclaimed album, Chaos and Creation in the Backyward....
said: how can all agree that a YMO album Solid State Survivor is good?
Lovelife was Lush 's last studio release 
It may also appear on the upcoming Baha Men compilation Greatest Movie Hits 
Dark Side of the Spoon is an album by Ministry , released on June 8, 1999.
The song is called   Coconut   and it's on the Baha Men album Move It Like This .
  The Mind Is A Terrible Thing To Taste   is definitely the best Ministry album ever
Lagwagon ?s latest full length, Blaze is out at long last
Let's Talk About Feelings is the fifth album by the California punk band Lagwagon , released in 1998.
First, Bell finally laid down those vocals for the final Ministry tantrum, 2007s Dubya pi? ata, The Last Sucker 
Check out Jason Reeves , who is probably best known for co-writing the Colbie Caillat hit Bubbly .
MINISTRY 's new album,   Houses of the Mole  , was released last Tuesay week through Sanctuary Records 
MINISTRY will be releasing a 25th anniversary collection, entitled   RaNtologY  , TOMORROW via Sanctuary 
On May 28th, 2007 American industrial rockers Ministry will release remix album ? Rio Grande Dub ? 
Com and and its Sources Dr Retribution, Malevolent Creation underestimate the power of Retribution , Malevolent Creation mg/kg f...
Many have said Ministry had gone downhill since Psalm 69, with Filth Pig being a large disappointment to many
The 2008 compilation Cover Up examined Ministry 's long history of destroying other artists' tunes
However, in 1999, a clean and sober  Inger emerged from New Jersey with a solo album, Transcendental Medication 
It?s a first person statement, U-N-I Verse, derived from the song off of Illadelph Halflife by The Roots featuring Common 
Animositisomina is an album by Ministry .
Some of the same musicians who appeared on Gorka 's last record, 1994's Out of the Valley are on Between Five and Seven 
The Company You Keep held fast to John ?s tradition of fine songwriting, yet moved forward down new avenues
To order our favorite Darryl Purpose album, Same River Twice  right now, click here.
His previous CD from Concord Records is Hopeless Romantics , a songbook of classics recorded with legendary jazz pianist George Shearing 
(his successful collaboration with singer Jagjit Singh titled   Marasim   is the latest of his poetic ventures).
With this lineup, the Feelies recorded Crazy Rhythms for Stiff Records in 1980
Richie Spice represents with In The Streets To Africa on the charts
And I think I listened to The Moon Is Down , the first record by Further Seems Forever just yesterday.
Eight years in the making,   Ecce Cor Meum    will be McCartney
In 2000, sisters Erica and Tina Campbell earned immediate respect and success with Mary Mary 's platinum debut album, Thankful .
Lee Newman and Michael Wells formed Greater Than One in London , circa 1985.
Released in time for Paul Bley 75th birthday in the autumn of 2007, Solo in Mondsee is the first Bley
That same year, Joey began recording with Riders In The Sky , and after becoming a regular on their NPR
And JPL played Baha Men 's   Who Let the Dogs Out   to cap the moment.
As the lead singer of the teen group Grupo Mania , Crespo was a Latino pop star by age twenty-two
Colbie Caillat ?s latest release Coco will be available on July 17th.
Riders in the Sky will revive America 's tradition of show-biz cowpokery in   Christmas the Cowboy Way .
ELEVATOR MUSIQ  is the latest installment from Nesian Mystik 
PSF: I thought Time For A Witness was the best Feelies album.
Riders in the Sky 's most recent album, Always Drink Upstream from the Herd , returns attention to the music while comedy takes a back seat
Potuznik 's latest release, Vendetta , contains a collection of material dating from 1986 to 2002.
You few weeks to complete that may be prescribed All My Love , Peabo Bryson not think VoIP is for everyone
With his Atlantic release, Out Of The Shadows , Royal has extended his musical stride even further.
North Carolina band Codeseven , who released   Dancing Echoes/Dead Sounds   on Equal Vision Records in 2004 split late last year
UPDATE: Check this review out as it also covers Gale ?s follow-up, Black Rhythm Happening 
Binary Star then switched to Subterraneous Records and released Masters of the Universe , named for a track on the album
Codeseven 's next release, Division Of Labor was a mini-LP and aptly displayed the band's maturity and musical evolution.
A vibrant single, it was followed by   Good Guys Only Win In The Movies  , after which Mel And Tim switched to Stax .
This cool screensaver features art work from Garbage 's video, Androgyny .
album   Brian De Palma  ; 1996 second Whirlpool album   Dense Music  . 1997:  From: Disco To: Disco  number one hit in Italy 
Check Jah Warrior Presents Peter Broggs   Jah Golden Throne  , here..
Mos Def has joined The Roots on two previous albums, Things Fall Apart and The Tipping Point .
A remastered versions of   Only Happy When It Rains   also appears on Garbage 's greatest hits album Absolute Garbage 
There were some exceptions, like Fleet Foxes self-titled album, Wolf Parade 's  At Mount Zoomer ,  or Adele 's  19.
Wir Werden Sehen typifies Schelmish ?s folk-rock style which seems to be growing in popularity in Germany lately.
Crown of Jewels gave Randy Scruggs the opportunity to be in the spotlight
The revived Lustra returned with Left for Dead  in 2006
Home Video 's full-length debut album, No Certain Night or Morning , was released in October 2006 on Defend..
Garbage   Bleed like Me   live in London 3/30/05 DV
February 8, 2006: Shorter won the Grammy Award for best jazz instrumental album, individual or group, for Beyond the Sound Barrier 
Victor Calderone will be in Miami on March 29th @ Karu & Y with an Evolve party
The Feelies album The Good Earth has been my favorite album for almost twenty freaking years.
Denison Witmer 's debut album, Safe Away , went out of print in CD near the end of 2004
In 1969 he made his recording debut on guitar behind British folk singer Michael Chapman on his album   Fully Qualified Survivor   
said: how can all agree that a Wayne Shorter album ET Cetera is good?
In 1995, Navaira released   Life is Good ,  his first all-country CD , produced by noted Nashville wiz Barry Beckett
Pela 's second EP,   Exit Columbia Street   is now available exclusively on iTunes .
Richard 's next album, Improvika , featured an unaccompanied free-flowing Bishop on a steel-string wooden guitar.
Wayne Shorter almost named his Verve album   High Life    Instant Gratification  instead
Roll On Dreamer is a folk/rock album by Johnny Coppin released in 1978, his debut solo album following his time with Decameron 
Bo Diddley recorded Live at the Ritz
When Marc Anthony recorded Otra Nota in 1993, he changed the history of salsa
Anthony ?s debut album, When the Night Is Over released in 1991 was straight Latin hip-hop
Anthony stars as Hector Lavoe in El Cantante along with his wife  which was released in August 2007
M? sica compuesta por la agrupaci? n   Tosca Tango Orchestra   para la pel? cula Waking Life del director Richard Linklater .
,-) Andy 's new album  The Gates of Gnomeria   is out and it features 2 tracks with yours truly.
Marc Anthony 's   Libre   has been certified GOLD by the RIAA as of December 13, 2001
The Shaky Hands released Lunglight in September.
From the acclaimed songwriting troubadour David Dondero comes Simple Love , the follow up to his crit... ...
November 3, 2005: Anthony won the Latin Grammy award for best salsa album for Valio La Pena 
The third installment of Al Jourgensen ?s anti George W. Bush trilogy, Rio Grande Blood is everything you?d expect from Ministry , and more.
Wayne Shorter recorded versions of the first three tracks for his 1969 Blue Note solo album SUPER NOVA .
On July 11, 2006 Marc Anthony released   Sigo Siendo Yo  , a Spanish greatest-hits album.
The Jesus Lizard 's new album,   Blue ,  is out now
? Comparisons to the Beatles or Rolling Stones are well-deserved; Tree City definitely puts Robbers on High Street within their caliber.
Anthony released Todo A Su Tiempo and appeared in the film, Hackers
Produced by Marius DeVries ,   Waiting For A Want   features more of Wainwright 's dreamy vocals, majestic piano chords and introspective lyrics
Rufus Does Judy At Carnegie Hall  is Rufus Wainwright telling his own story through the same songs used by Judy Garland .
The Dillinger Escape Plan playing   Milk Lizard   off of the latest release   Ire Works  .
This song was one of 3 top 10 hit country singles from Dolly Parton 's album Heartbreak Express .
Dolly Parton 's album   Eagle When She Flies   certified platinum 1992
Even better, Coat was paired with Joshua , another Parton classic that hasn?t seen release stateside.
Shorter released Alegría , his first all-acoustic studio recording as a leader since 1967, in 2003
2. Mary Mary Mary Mary 's latest release, The Sound , has made major moves on the Billboard charts.
His former Fab Four bandmate Paul McCartney released his 21st solo album,   Memory Almost Full ,  earlier this month.
Then Dolly flopped with   Rhinestone    co-starring Sylvester Stallone in his first comedy attempt
McCoy Tyner used this scale on the Wayne Shorter modal track   JuJu  :
Marc 's album Contra La Corriente was awarded a Grammy for Best Latin/Tropical Performance .
Also in 2003, Twain participated in the Dolly Parton tribute album, Just Because I'm a Woman , covering Parton ?s classic ? Coat of Many Colors ?
Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers sing Once Upon A Christmas .
In 1989, Dolly returned to Nashville and the resulting album was White Limozeen 
Just like many Americans , Milton came to me via Wayne Shorter ?s album Native Dancer 
Jolene reviews Dolly Parton 's   My Tennessee Mountain Home   CD
Marc Anthony 's Spanish-language pop album, Amar sin mentiras shared a song set list with its salsa-flavored sister collection, Valió la pena 
I am looking for an big anthem song and I have fallen for Dolly Parton 's version of Peace Train .
Did you know that Clay Aiken did a cover of Dolly Parton ?s ? Here You Come Again ? on his last CD
Grinspoon has some diversity on Guide To Better Living .
Lyrics of Repeat sung by GRINSPOON
Just A Little Lovin' finds Lynne taking on songs from Dusty Springfield 's 1969 classic, Dusty in Memphis 
Rufus Wainwright 's new album, Want One , will be released on DreamWorks on September 23
In 1994 Angelfish 's first single   Suffocate Me   aired on MTV 's 120 minutes
Lyrics of Opaline sung by DISHWALLA
+++++++++++++++++++ Looking for Dolly Parton 's ablums Halos & Horns and A Bluegrass Tribute +++++++++++++ TIA!!!!
In 1994 Martin formed Martin Taylor 's Spirit of Django , paying homage to Django Reinhardt 
, but Shorter boldly abandoned the Coltrane paradigm on Speak No Evil 
In January 1999, Harris released Trio 2 with Parton and Ronstadt 
Martin plays the Martin Taylor 'Artistry' 003 while friend Ernie tries out the prototype ' Gypsy '.
In mid-2005, Yusuf Islam played guitar for the Dolly Parton album, Those Were the Days , on her version of his   Where Do the Children Play  
Yellowjacket 's title song is a co-write with Stephen 's close creative comrade, Tom Wilson .
In 1987, along with Emmylou Harris and Linda Ronstadt , Dolly Parton released the decade-in-the-making Trio album to critical acclaim 
*I'm also still upset about Dolly Parton not getting the Oscar for   Travelin' Thru  
The Battle for Everything is a 2004 album for United States singer-songwriter Five for Fighting , the stage name of John Ondrasik .
En 2002, Keren Ann sort son deuxi?me album, La Disparition 
In 1997, Leary would follow up No Cure For Cancer with another stand-up spectacular called Lock 'N Load 
Want Two is the fourth album by American - Canadian singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright .
Until then, only metalcore completists will need to check out Forever In Terror ?s debut album Restless In The Tides .
The first song is called  Stoffig Stuk  and is basicly Wouter re-interpreting the infamous   Stofstuk   by Machinefabriek .
Feufollet makes the music on Cow Island Hop sound like they've played it?for centuries but only wrote the songs yesterday
Dolly Parton ?s new album, Backwoods Barbie , will be released later than the previously reported date, Tuesday, February 5.? Parton
These would feature on Keren Ann 's acclaimed debut album,   La Biographie de Luka Philipsen  
With that said, look out for Girls' Generation 's new album   GEE   on January 7, 2009
In 1984, the Robert Palmer assisted John Martyn album Sapphire was released
Paley 's first solo album Lucky's Tune was produced by Frank Black , and released by GoodNoise in 1999
, John Martyn ?s atypical jazz-flute album The Tumbler , Bert Jansch and the jazz-folk stylings of Robin Dransfield.
He also produced the album Revival  by Brooklyn singer-songwriter  Reid Paley 
En dag som denna sä tter man på Asshole med Denis Leary på hö g volym
In addition, he played on Bo Diddley ?s recording,   Who Do You Love   and Billy Boy Arnold ?s  I Ai n?t Got You.
Ainda is Madredeus ' record dedicated to the city of Lisbon 
HEI HA! is produced by Tocker and Bruce Lynch .
At the time John explained that Inside Out was all about the concept of love...
  Superman   can be found on Five For Fighting 's second album, America Town 
London Conversation includes a cover of Bob Dylan s Don t Think Twice, Its Alright which John does brilliantly.
Use the PC infrastructure Life Goes On , Sash! Shows no sign of Life Goes On , ...
There is a distinctly cinematic quality to the pieces that make up Markus Reuter excellent work, Trepanation .
Starting in 1989, Hargrove released a string of bebop and neo-bop albums, starting with the Novus release Diamond in the Rough 
In 1997, Roy s Cuban -based band Crisol  won the Best Latin Jazz Performance Grammy for the album Habana 
Goodbye Blue Monday follows Fisher ?s 2001 debut of Back Porch Spirituals , and his second album Let It Shine , released in 2004
Gentleman Reg is the recording name for Canadian singer/songwriter Reg Vermue , who released his fourth album, Jet Black , today.
Home & Garden will have 4 songs on the upcoming Colette record   Hypnotized   on Om Records .
Ferrer played the drums on Keith Moon 's Two Sides of the Moon .
Collins played on Martyn 's 1980 album Grace And Danger and 1981's Glorious Fool 
Next out of the chute from Brickman is   The Gift ,  the follow-up to   Picture This   
Collins played on Martyn 's 1980 album Grace And Danger and 1981's Glorious Fool 
On Tuesday's   American Idol ,  David Cook wowed the judges and the audience with his rendition of Dolly Parton s  Little Sparrow .
Jim Brickman 's new single,  Coming Home from Christmas  from his latest album, Homecoming features Richie McDonald of Lo...
  No Words   introduced the original solo piano sounds of Jim Brickman to Adult Contemporary radio and the world
Electric Music AKA were originally Electric Music , until ex-Kraftwerk man Karl Bartos threatened to sue
Australia is an album by Howie Day , first released in 2000 independently and re-released in 2002 by Epic Records .
album from 2006 to 2005 since it was released earlier on the G4 album, G4 & Friends 
G4 's new album, Act Three , is released tomorrow and includes the track No Matter What which they sing with Stephen
Goodbye Blue Monday follows Fisher ?s 2001 debut of Back Porch Spirituals , and his second album Let It Shine , released in 2004
Next was   Throw It All Away   by something called Zero 7 , of which it was said  their new album . . .
The Bloody Beetroots ft Steve Aoki @ Nitsa barcelona 07/02/09 Track : Bloody Beetroots ft Steve Aoki - Warp !
For a band that that thrived on focus, New Whirl Odor sees Public Enemy at the proverbial crossroads
And of course Lee Hazlewood 's less-overdone albums like Requiem for an almost lady  fit this aesthetic perfectly
John Martyn unites One World with this new double-disc compilation
Brickman ?s songs   Valentine   and   The Gift   have been adopted as new holiday favorites
to air Public Enemy 's video for   Hazy Shade Of Criminal  .
The song   Hands Without Shadows   is taught in Michael Angelo Batio 's instructional DVD  Speed Lives 2  http://www.metalmethod.com/lead-guitar-lesson-speed-lives-2.ht
And Lee Hazelwood s Cake or Death is our featured album.
The He Got Game Soundtrack marks the second collaboration between Public Enemy and Spike Lee 
Each new track on Live for Today individually displays a different element of the Boy Sets Fire sound.
After having released 3 critically acclaimed albums, PE came with Apocalypse 91 .
Implicit in   Shut Em Down   is PE 's admonition to rappers to join in struggle with their communities
DANGER MOUSE 's remix of ZERO 7 's   Somersault   became the 100 millionth song downloaded through the iTunes Music Store on July 11th
[2] She did bakcround vocals on Patty Loveless album, Strong Heart , that year
1. Desmond 's Bridge Over Troubled Water is an iTunes download for $9.90.
Patty Loveless 's last album   Dreamin' My Dreams   does come to mind, a disc mostly ignored by the country community.
The five-song disc starts off with a jazzy number then follows with the Dolly Parton tune   Coat of Many Colors . 
Death Trip Delivery: 1981 - 1985 is an album by Mourning Noise .
Did Mariah record a song for   Glitter   called   Destiny   with Jim Brickman 
? Goodbye ? pushed the album to platinum, and Loveless followed with the critically acclaimed When Fallen Angels Fly 
González was also a featured vocalist on the Grammy nominated Zero 7 album ' The Garden .'
As Angels became her third platinum album, Loveless returned with the grittier The Trouble With the Truth 
Under Official -> Albums: KAT-TUN 's regular edition album   Best of KAT-TUN   at 320CBR and FLAC 
Flesh and Blood is the seventh  album by Roxy Music and was released in 1980.
Atomic Bomb [10] Public Enemy 's online-only CD,   There's a Poison Goin' On . . 
  Slow Rollers   is a compilation album of Rolling Stones ' Ballads.
In other Chuck D news, the long-awaited Public Enemy album, Revolverlution , will be released July 23rd
The debut single from the album,   Turn Da Lights Off   features Tweet 's mentor Missy Elliott and was produced by Kwame .
  The Thrill of it All   performed by Roxy Music 
The most rocking of Parton 's songs,   Jolene   seemed a little neutered here.
This turned out to be the Public Enemy album Rebirth Of a Nation 
An engineer who assisted on the recordings the Stones made in Japan for Stripped 
Rolled Gold: The Very Best of the Rolling Stones is a compilation by The Rolling Stones released in 1975.
Roxy Music continued until Siren , split for a flurry of solo work, reunited for three more 
She also worked with English ?musicians Zero 7 on their second album, When It Falls .
Warhol s actual work for the Stones included the LP covers for Sticky Fingers and Love You Live 
The project would mark the first time Eno worked with Roxy Music since 1973's For Your Pleasure 
Patty Loveless performs this   Mountain Soul   song in Nashville during September 2002.
From the Stones album   Goats Head Soup ,  released in 1973
As I write, The Stones are releasing? Singles 1968-1971
Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out! , Love You Live, Flashpoint, and No Security are some of the best live Rolling Stones recordings I?ve listened to
He also launched Tweet , who debuted with Southern Hummingbird , and produced Lil Kim s  The Jump Off 
Paint It Black , a title of a Rolling Stones song, is one of them.
She also gets into the classic Rolling Stones track   Wild Horses . 
December's Children  was the last Rolling Stones
As Tears Go By?????1965  ( As Tears Go By   later also charted for the Rolling Stones in 1966.).
In 1998, Hot Rocks were invited by The Rolling Stones to perform at the band's news conference for the   No Security Tour . 
There's one line in Jimmy 's song, Handmade ,  Have we lost the need and the will to care 
Leavell joined the Stones in 1982 and played on the European leg of their   Tattoo You   tour
Obvious examples of this include Industrial Records ' issue of a record of William Burroughs cut-ups, Nothing Here Now But The Recordings .
A year later, Frazier Chorus disbanded with Freeman reforming the group for 1995 album  Wide Awake 
Used in many classic recordings such as Roxy Music 's album Avalon .
  A Bigger Bang   is the Stones album I've been hoping for since 1983's   Undercover .
Just released: Ned Rothenberg 's SYNC 's new album   Harbinger   is out on Animul Records.
Read Ned Rothenberg 's notes to Intervals and view the track listing.
Just released: Ned Rothenberg 's SYNC 's new album   Harbinger   is out on Animul Records.
Dead City Radio is a musical album by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs , which was released by Island Records in 1990.
Harbhajan Mann 's album,   Oye Hoye   topped music charts
Recorded during the longest winter in recent memory, New Pagan Love Song features Brill longing voice and celebrated lyric.
Disc one of Forty Licks is an excellent andprehensive collection of Rolling Stones hits of the 60's
For Senator Obama is Allen Toussaint and Lee Dorsey 's   Yes We Can   mixed with one of Obama 's speeches
The Stones ' 1989 release   Steel Wheels   features samples of this Moroccan
The final Rolling Stones studio albums   Voodoo Lounge   and   Bridges to Babylon 
?s new album and Black Stone Cherry ?s new album Folklore and Superstition .
( Blöndal says that PE 's Fear Of A Black Planet is what inspired him to make music)
Tru Thoughts are pleased to present the third Quantic album Mishaps Happening .
Genie Gets Her Wish is a music DVD by Christina Aguilera .
Andrew Lloyd Webber created TELL ME ON A SUNDAY after writing JESUS CHRIST SUPERSTAR and before beginning work on EVITA .
Fountains Of Wayne released Out-Of-State Plates overseas
The Rolling Stones had the cover to Some Girls reissued.
The final Rolling Stones studio albums   Voodoo Lounge   and   Bridges to Babylon 
1985 In February, the Stones are in Paris recording Dirty Work at Pathe-Marconi Studio
Track featuring Mi Swing Es Tropical by Nickodemus & Quantic featuring Tempo .
In 2004, she earned the coveted role of Christine Daaé in the screen adaptation of composer Andrew Lloyd Webber 's musical The Phantom of the Opera 
John's first of two Grammy Awards was secured for his contributions to artist Jimmy Cliff 's platinum record   Cliff Hanger . 
Back to Basics: Live and Down Under is her new DVD and Christina Aguilera showed up in LA to sign copies
This year, artistic director Marian Jordan Hamilton presents an adaptation of Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd-Webber rock opera Jesus Christ Superstar .
Martin Scorsese and the Rolling Stones unite in   Shine A Light ,  a look at The Rolling Stones . 
I just got a copy of Natalie Merchant 's latest recording, The House Carpenter's Daughter .
New York -based Fountains Of Wayne , on the other hand, became America 's prime Brit-poppers through Fountains Of Wayne  and Utopia Parkway 
120. Jimmy Cliff recorded a duet with Elvis Costello for the soundtrack to Club Paradise 
November 9: Natalie Merchant 's live cover of Space Oddity from her Live In Concert
For the analysis, I used the tune   Southern Exposure   on the Frank Wess recording   Opus In Swing   .
* I really REALLY like Fountains of Wayne 's new album, Traffic and Weather .
Rough Edge: How would you say   Up Off the Floor   compares with previous GLU
Empty, God Lives Underwater don be to hard Empty , God Lives Underwater provided.
Whatever tag is pinned on God Lives Underwater 's new album, Life in the So-Called Space Age , don't call it techno
A skit from Bill Engvall called Dorkfish .
Unfortunately, where Beggars Banquet was the high water mark for the Rolling Stones , it saw the demise of guitarist Jones 
Jeff Foxworthy is does the   You Might Be a Redneck If...  routine, but the   Here's Your Sign   is Bill Engvall .
(In fact, Karen sang quite a bit of back-up on Merchant 's masterpiece Ophelia .).
Shoulda Been Home is another Robert Cray masterpiece that makes it seem like he never went away
Premiers Symptomes  is an album by Air .
The song is featured on Sayer 's album, Another Year .
He first started writing with Leo Sayer resulting in Leo 's sucessful albums Silverbird and Just a Boy .
Cray is a five-time Grammy Award winning artist whose new release is entitled,   Time Will Tell  
After last year's surprise hit Welcome Interstate Managers , Fountains of Wayne co-frontman Adam Schlesinger plans to take Broadway next
Even Aguilera 's Christmas album, My Kind of Christmas , sold more than 1.5 million copies that same year
Robert Cray notched his 11th Grammy nomination for his acclaimed Rykodisc debut, Take Your Shoes Off 
2003: Streetheart 's DRUGSTORE DANCER is re-released in the US on EMI 
THE YOUNG GODS album,   Music for Artificial Clouds   was released on intoXygene in march 2004
Here?s the official album cover for Christina Aguilera ?s upcoming Greatest Hits album Keeps Gettin' Better- A Decade of Hits album Keeps Gettin' Better- A Decade of Hits .
British magazine Mojo recently put Capossela ?s Ovunque proteggi album second in its world music top ten list.
Talkie Walkie comes five years after their landmark Moon Safari and Parisian mood-enhancers Air are back doing what they do best.
The single has drawn favorable comparisons to classic Mafia hits such as   Me Estoy Enamorando ,    Vida ,  and   Para Siempre Contigo .
Experience Spring through Hennie Bekker 's eyes in   Spring Rain  , from the best selling Kaleidoscopes series of CD 's.
She recorded a duet, You And I , with Elektra labelmate Eddie Rabbitt for his Radio Romance album
And don't forget to pick up Taylor 's classic Chess sides on 1969's   Koko Taylor   or   What It Takes: The Chess Years  
Deep Blue Something Lyrics ? Breakfast At Tiffany's
Post Katrina, Irma released After the Rain , which recently garnered a Grammy nomination.
It was less than a year later that Cray ?s breakthrough record   Strong Persuader   was released
One Life Crew s Crime Ridden Society : The same reasons they are my favorite Clevo band
Some great insight about Glenn 's new album Edge of the World and the re-release of Baptizm of Fire 
The latest Young and Crazy Horse album, Broken Arrow , has received mixed reviews
Young was back with Crazy Horse for 1994's Sleeps with Angels , a much darker record
The desperate intensity of Separate Ways suggested Thompson was trying too hard to match dads gallows humor
Live at the Fillmore East features a live set with Crazy Horse including Danny Whitten from 1970
?This is a happy record,? Teddy Thompson says of his new Verve Forecast release A Piece of What You Need .
Lo-tel 's debut album Planet of the Stereos dropped in November 2000 and achieved moderate commercial success
Given her all-conquering media presence, it’s hard to believe that Christina Aguilera ’s current release, Back to Basics , is just…
Former Styx frontman Dennis DeYoung 's latest solo album,   One Hundred Years From Now ,  will finally get its US release in April
In 2002 a unreleased album was released from 1993 and another Latino Velvet with Baby Beesh called Velvetism .
Adriana Evans speaks about her discography, “Actually, Nomadic came out before Kismet .
Lil Rob  is a Chicano rapper from San. thanks to the singles   Summer Nights  ,
Neil Young & Crazy Horse then released the utterly brilliant Rust Never Sleeps 
Greendale was recorded with Crazy Horse members Billy Talbot and Ralph Molina 
Pascal also appeared in the Broadway production of Cabaret and has released the solo recordings   Model Prisoner   and  Civilian.
Adriana Evans speaks about her discography, “Actually, Nomadic came out before Kismet .
Walrus/Groon is a collaborative 12  EP between Merzbow  and Japanese experimental doom band Boris .
On this latest album   Anicca   released on the excellent British Cold Spring-label, Merzbow presents three pieces of ear-shattering noise
