First, I was asked to meet Sooraj Barjatya 's father Raj Kumar Barjatya 
Family: Daughter of NBC-TV executive Sylvester L. Weaver Jr.  and actress Elizabeth Inglis , older brother, Trajan Weaver .
Turner 's mother, Mildred Frances Cowan , married Lana 's father John Virgil Turner, when Mildred was 15-years-old.
Mr Arnault 's father, Jean Arnault , was an industrialist, and owner of a public works company, Ferret-Savinel
2 January ? Hubbard returns to La Quinta ; Mary Sue Hubbard moves to LA 
Garner 's daughter, Alice Garner , is a historian, musician, community activist and actor
Ken Kesey was born in La Junta , Colorado to Frederick A. Kesey and Geneva Smith Kesey
Ken Kesey was born in La Junta , Colorado to Frederick A. Kesey and Geneva Smith Kesey who were both dairy farmers.[1
Tuanku Syed Faizuddin Putra was the Regent of Perlis during the five-year period when Tuanku Syed Sirajuddin was Yang di-Pertuan Agong 
Tuanku Syed Faizuddin Putra was the Regent of Perlis during the five-year period when Tuanku Syed Sirajuddin was Yang di-Pertuan Agong .
Hema Malini 's mother Jaya Chakravarthy was the guiding force in Hema Malini 's life
Judge Carlos Cerda indicted Pinochet 's wife, also named Lucia
Son of John Carradine , half-brother of David Carradine , Brother of Keith Carradine .
The son of veteran Hollywood actor John Carradine , Keith got his start in the stage production of in 1969.
He is the son of actor John Carradine , the brother of Keith Carradine , and half-brother of Robert Carradine 
Born in San Mateo , California , the son of the late John Carradine , Keith grew up in California 
Atlanta -based Jazze Pha , the son of original Bar-Kays bassist James Alexander and chart-topping R&B singer Deniece Williams, ...
Bar-Kays member James Alexander fathered a certain Jazze Pha 
Thats odd, one of my trusty history books says Queen Charlotte was the daughter of Karl Ludwig Frederick of Mecklenburg-Strelitz 
The new Watson was embodied by Edward Hardwicke , son of film actor Sir Cedric Hardwicke 
Edward Hardwicke  is a British actor, the son of Sir Cedric Hardwicke and actress Helena Pickard 
... Edward Hardwicke  is a British actor, the son of Sir Cedric Hardwicke and actress Helena Pickard 
Menger 's son Karl Menger was born in 1902 and went on to become a respected mathematician
Ken is played by Robert Carradine , later star of Revenge of the Nerds , and son of Bad Movie perennial John Carradine 
Han ? r son till sk? despelaren John Carradine , bror till Robert Carradine och halvbror till David Carradine .
Andante Composer: Dmitri Shostakovich  Dmitri Shostakovich 's son, Maxim Shostakovich conducts Piano Concerto No. 2 in F major which is performed by Maxim&#
Piano Concerto No. 2 in F major, Op. 102: I. Allegro Composer: Dmitri Shostakovich  Dmitri Shostakovich 's son, Maxim Shostakovich conducts Piano Concerto No....
Andante Composer: Dmitri Shostakovich  Dmitri Shostakovich 's son, Maxim Shostakovich conducts Piano Concerto No...
(with Louise Kolm-Fleck 's son, Walter Kolm-Veltée )
Margaret was the queen consort of King Henry VI of England , daughter of René of Anjou 
In 1995, the color copy was restored and published by Tati ?s daughter Sophie Tatischeff and cinematographer Fran? ois Ede
The Schmitz ?s father John G. Schmitz was a Senator and congressman from California .
Mary Kay 's father, John George Schmitz , was an ultraconservative California politician
Mary was the Schmitz ' fourth child and first daughter.
Letourneau father, John Schmitz , served in the US Congress and even ran for president in 1972 as an independent
About the only thing HBO would care about Schmitz is that he fathered Mary Kay Letourneau 
Eros Ramazzotti was married to famous Swiss model and television host Michelle Hunziker and has one daughter Aurora Sophie with her
(played by Landau 's daughter and Buffy the Vampire Slayer actress Juliet Landau )
Landau was born in Los Angeles to parents Martin Landau and Barbara Bain .
Juliet Landau  is the daughter of Martin Landau 
Juliet Landau , who played Drusilla , appeared in the 1994 film Ed Wood with her father Martin Landau 
Matthew Colleran is Lee Remick 's son, was the lead member of Los Angeles rock band Mary's Danish .
For example, Paul wrote   Love Me Do   before Heather was born
Paul McCartney ?s ex-wife Heather McCartney naked  for your pleasure - enjoy! (or Heather Mills or even Heather Mills-McCartney
Heather and Paul met at a London charity event in May, 1999
Heather walked down the aisle to Heather which Paul had written for her
The following year, McCartney officially adopts Linda 's seven-year-old daughter, Heather See , from her previous marriage
Heather McCartney  is the daughter of Linda McCartney , and the stepdaughter of former Beatle Paul McCartney 
Here's information about Paul 's marriage relationship with Heather , their divorce, his children, and more
Thompson 's eldest son, Patrick Thompson , featured on and later hosted Seven Network 's Ground Force.
Hubbard ?s son, Elbert Hubbard II , took over the Roycrofters, which eventually went out of business in 1938
The Roycroft Shops, run by Hubbard 's son, Elbert Hubbard II , operated until 1938
In 1951, he married the actress Jill Balcon , daughter of Michael Balcon 
Not in the least bit co-incidentally, Jill 's father was Michael Balcon , head of Ealing Studios from 1937 to 1959
His mother is Jill Balcon , actress daughter of Sir Michael Balcon , head of Ealing Studios 
PDFAdobe Acrobat - His mother is Jill Balcon , actress daughter of Sir Michael Balcon , head of Ealing Studios .
(his mother, actress Jill Balcon , is the daughter of Sir Michael Balcon , the former head of Ealing Studios )
Penner would join Rob Walton and Jim Walton to be the third Walton family member on the board
Penner is a son-in-law of Rob Walton 
( Conrad 's daughter Viola was with her mother, Felizitas, in Switzerland at the time.)
In the rock-umentary, Paul 's daughter Mary is the on-screen interviewer
Paul McCartney was born in Liverpool , England on Jnauary 10, 1945 to Jim and Mary McCartney 
Paul 's daughter, Mary , laid into dad over his failed marriage to Heather, 
Unfortunately, the plan didn't quite come together for Christian Peppard , son of Detroit native George Peppard , 
Actress/ Singer Bette Midler and and Sophie Von Haselberg arrive at the  Sex and the City : ..
Susan Alexandra Weaver was born in New York City on October?8, 1949, daughter of Sylvester Weaver and Elizabeth Inglis 
The formidably beautiful, 5'11'' actress was born Susan Weaver to NBC president Pat Weaver and actress   Elizabeth Inglis  .
He was the brother of NBC-TV executive Sylvester ``Pat'' Weaver and the uncle of actress Sigourney Weaver .
The formidably beautiful, 5'11'' actress was born Susan Weaver to NBC president Pat Weaver and actress Elizabeth Inglis 
Weaver is the daughter of the late NBC television executive Pat Weaver and Desir?e Hawkins Ingles, a British actress
The formidably beautiful, 5'11'' actress was born Susan Weaver to NBC president Pat Weaver and actress .
Weaver is the daughter of the late NBC television executive Pat Weaver and Desir?e Hawkins Ingles, a British actress.
Robert Sarnoff , son of long-term RCA head David Sarnoff was born in New York City on July 2, 1918
Love Brewster , the son of William Brewster and Mary Wentworth , was born in about 1595.
William Brewster ?s son Love Brewster married Sarah Collier and their son Nathaniel married Sarah __
Love Brewster , son of Elder William , born in England , married  Sarah, daughter of William Collier 
Belcourt Castle was constructed for Oliver Hazard Perry Belmont , who inherited a fortune from his father August Belmont .
The other coin is similar to the first one and bears the image of Alexios 's successor, John II Komnenos 
Glenn Close was born in Greenwich , Connecticut , the daughter of Bettine and William Taliaferro Close .
Marsh stated   Archie is our beautiful angel and we will miss him so much
- Coronation Street actress Kym Marsh 's baby son, Archie Jay Lomas , dies after being born 18 weeks early
Coronation Street actress Kym Marsh 's baby son, Archie Jay Lomas , dies after being born 18 weeks early.
Coronation Street actress Kym Marsh 's baby son, Archie Jay Lomas , dies after being born 18 weeks early
Coronation Street actress Kym Marsh has spoken out about the terrible loss of her son Archie Jay Lomas .
Morgan County was named for Jedediah Morgan Grant , the father of Heber J. Grant , a past president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints .
Now your first signing was Dr. Dre ?s son, Curtis Young , a.k.a
He is the son of legendary horror movie actor John Carradine and half-brother of Kung Fu star David Carradine 
Carradine is the son of noted American actor John Carradine 
The eldest son of legendary character actor John Carradine , David Carradine was born in Hollywood , California 
One of my wife's great aunts who lived in Southern California used to go out with David Carradine 's father, John Carradine 
Background and family Carradine is the son of noted American actor John Carradine 
David 's father John Carradine is a cranky train conductor
On the 10th anniversary of Pai Hsiao-yen ?s kidnap/murder, Pai Ping-ping ?s mood remains as intense as back then.
On the 10th anniversary of Pai Hsiao-yen 's kidnap/murder, Pai Ping-ping 's mood remains as intense as back then.
Note: Monte Wolverton is son of Basil Wolverton .
These pictures were originally black and white but were later colored by Basil 's son, Monte Wolverton .
Mills shares a child with McCartney , 5-year-old Beatrice Milly McCartney .
The baby was reportedly named after Heather 's late mother Beatrice and Paul 's Aunt Milly.[153
Mills shares a child with McCartney , 5-year-old Beatrice Milly McCartney 
The baby was named after Heather 's late mother Beatrice and Sir Paul 's Aunt Milly
The baby is named after Mills 's mother Beatrice and McCartney 's aunt Milly.
The proud parents said:  She is named after Heather 's mother Beatrice and Paul 's Aunt Milly
She is named after Heather 's mother Beatrice and Paul 's auntie Milly 
If I remember correctly, this site is run by John Moyers , the son of Bill Moyers of PBS .
Isaac would later remarry to Fear Brewster , daughter of Plymouth 's Elder William Brewster 
Wrestling Brewster , son of Elder William , emigrated at the same time; he died a young man, unmarried
About 1626, Isaac married his second wife, Fear BREWSTER , daughter of Elder William BREWSTER 
Allerton remarried to Fear Brewster , the daughter of William Brewster in 1626
In 1623 Allerton married Fear Brewster , daughter of Ruling Elder William Brewster 
He then married Fear Brewster , daughter of William Brewster , before 22 May 1627
Isaac would later remarry to Fear Brewster , daughter of Plymouth 's Elder William Brewster .
Sarah was born in London in 1959 to parents Major Ronald Ferguson and his wife Susan
... Sarah was born in London in 1959 to parents Major Ronald Ferguson and his wife Susan.
Ferguson is the second daughter of Major Ronald Ferguson and Susan, the late Mrs Hector Barrantes .
Sarah Margaret Ferguson is the daughter of Major Ronald Ivor Ferguson , and moved in royal circles as a child.
On May 30, 1837, William Henry Fitzhugh Lee was born at Arlington and two weeks later, Robert was off to St Louis 
William Makepeace Thackeray ?s daughter, Anne Thackeray Ritchie , wrote a short story From An Island about Lewis Carroll at Farringford House 
Anne Isabella was the eldest daughter of William Makepeace Thackeray 
When Raj Thackeray attacked Uddhav , Bal Thackeray listened
Bal Thackeray 's son Uddhav Thackeray also made his dislike for Joshi and his son Unmesh clear
Bruce Matthews also played at USC , so that?s another family connection Jake has to Southern Cal 
Jake Matthews is perhaps the most talented, the son of former NFL lineman Bruce Matthews and the nephew of Clay 
King Ethelbert of Wessex was a son of Ethelwulf of Wessex and was born in around 835 AD.
Eppie Lederer 's daughter, Margo Howard , is an advice columnist as well
Syndicated advice columnist Margo Howard , the daughter of Ann Landers , recently answered a question about whether Yahoo !
And Eppie 's relationship with Margo  was seldom smooth
Eppie Lederer 's daughter Margo Howard is an advice columnist as well
Allu Aravind  is the father of Allu arjun ?.
This structural change is being spearheaded by Allu Sirish , the younger son of Allu Aravind .
Zane Kesey is the offspring of Ken Kesey , a living icon who carved out his niche in pop culture history.
Yaropolk was given Kiev by his father Svyatoslav I , who left on a military campaign against the Danube Bulgars
Yaropolk of Kiev succeeds Sviatoslav I in Kiev 
She and her partner of 4 years, Gabriel Aubry became parents to Nahla Ariela Aubry on March 16, 2008
Nahla ?s father is 32 year old French Canadian model Gabriel Aubry 
The French name Aubry is the last name of the baby's father, Berry 's boyfriend Gabriel Aubry 
Nahla is the first child for the Oscar winning actress and her model boyfriend, Gabriel Aubry .
Nahla Ariela Aubry and her father is Berry boyfriend, Gabriel Aubry 
The child name is Nahla Ariela Aubry and her father is Berry boyfriend, Gabriel Aubry 
Justin Moon , son of Sun Myung Moon , serves as the Chief Executive Officer
Justin Moon is a member of the Unification Church and is the son of the church's founder, the Reverend Sun Myung Moon 
Mary is a daughter of Des Hanafin  and a sister of John Hanafin 
Michael ?s dad, Doug Bennet , was President of NPR for a while
Michael ?s dad, Doug Bennet , was President of NPR for a while.
Jochen Heisenberg was born in Leipzig in 1939 as the third of seven children of Werner and Elizabeth Heisenberg
Laila Ali  is the daughter of Muhammad Ali and his third wife Veronica Porsche Ali .
Laila Ali was born to Muhammad Ali & his third wife Veronica Porsche Ali .
Laila Ali  is the daughter of Muhammad Ali and his third wife Veronica Porsche Ali 
Among the 200 guests were Laila ?s parents, Muhammad Ali and Veronica Porsche Anderson , along with her sister Hana Ali , ..
Laila Ali was born in Miami Beach on December 30th, 1977 to Muhammad Ali and his third wife, Veronica Porche 
St. Vladimir was the son of Sviatoslav I, Prince of Kiev and his wife Malush.
He was succeeded by his son Sviatoslav I , father of  Vladimir I 
Sviatoslav I , Prince of Kiev  representing St Vladimir and his family
After Sviatoslav 's death Vladimir vied with his two brothers, Yaropolk and Oleg, for the succession
Meggett has a son, Davin Meggett , who grew up in Clinton , Maryland 
An article about spirit messages purportedly from Rev. Moon 's deceased son, Heung Jin Nim .
King Ethelwulf of Wessex , father of Alfred the Great , was born in Aachen during Charlemagne 's rule
Youngest son of King Æthelwulf , Alfred became King of Wessex in 871 during a time of constant Viking attack.
Alfred , son of King Æthelwulf , in Rome 
Aethelwulf of Wessex and his son, the future Alfred the Great visited Rome in Benedict 's reign
King Ethelwulf of Wessex , father of Alfred the Great was born in Aachen 
Aethelwulf of Wessex and his son, the future Alfred the Great visited Rome in Benedict 's reign.
Youngest son of King Æthelwulf , Alfred became King of Wessex during a time of constant Viking attack.
King Alfred was the youngest son of Aethelwulf of Wessex .
A historian and diarist, Anna Comnena was the daughter of Alexius I Comnenus , emperor of Byzantium 
Anna Comnena writes the Alexiad , which is a of her father, Emperor Alexius I .
Anna Comnena was a daughter of the Byzantine emperor Alexius I Comnenus and Irene Ducaena .
For example, one of the most celebrated Byzantine women scholars, Anna Comnena , was the daughter of Emperor Alexius 
Anna Comnena  was a daughter of the Byzantine emperor Alexius I Comnenus , and is the first known female historian.
Anna Comnena  was a daughter of the Byzantine emperor Alexius I Comnenus and Irene Ducaena 
 In the year of Christ 1140, flourished Anna Comnena , daughter of Alexius Comnenus , emperor of Constantinople 
Although he successfully fought off Amicetas, Alexius was pursued further by Norman spearmen; according to Anna
1083 ?  Anna Comnena , daughter of the Emperor Alexius and Empress Irene , historian, scholar, Byzantine poitician, born
1148 Alexiad of Anna Comnena mentions Byzantine Emperor Alexius Comnenus playing chess
Bunyan 's father, Thomas , soon remarried, estranging John from the home
Prominent amongst the Radicals was James Mill , the father of John Stuart Mill .
Bentham was the leader of the Philosophical Radicals , whose members included James Mill and his son, John Stuart Mill 
Prominent amongst the Radicals was James Mill , the father of John Stuart Mill 
John Stuart Mill , son of James Mill , is seen as the culmination of utilitarianism.
John Stuart Mill was born in Pentonville, London , the oldest son of the Scottish philosopher and historian James Mill 
James Mill 's son, John Stuart Mill , began to file apart the link between liberalism and the free-market
The founders of liberalism include James Mill , the father of John Stuart Mill , and Jeremy Bentham 
Since Bentham had no sons, they chose as their successor John Stuart Mill , eldest son of James Mill 
John Stuart Mill was born in his father's house in Pentonville , London , the eldest son of James Mill .
Born in 1806, Mill was himself the son of a philosopher, Scottish historian James Mill 
John stuart Mill , son of JAMES MILL 
Bentham was the leader of the Philosophical Radicals , whose members included James Mill and his son, John Stuart Mill 
John Stuart Mill was born in London on May 20, 1806, and was the eldest of son of James Mill 
It was also promoted by Bentham 's disciple James Mill and by his son John Stuart Mill .
John Stuart Mill was born in his father's house in Pentonville , London , the eldest son of James Mill 
Moon 's son Hyun Jin Moon is the chairman of the board.[2
Their son Hyun Jin Moon had been appointed by Sun Myung Moon to several leadership positions within the Unification Movemenet.[55
Mr. Post was the father of Marjorie Merriweather Post , from whom Long Island University purchased her Brookville
Incidentally, we named the college after Mrs. Post 's father, Charles William Post 
Philip 's eldest daughter by Elisabeth , named Isabel
She married Philip II of Spain , son of Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor and Isabel of Portugal , and known as Philip the Catholic
Felipe II was born in Valladolid , son of Carlos I and Isabel of Portugal 
Isabella of Portugal , wife of Charles and mother of Philip , had died in 1539.
Philip II  was the only son of Charles V and Isabella of Portugal .
Philip II  was the only son of Charles V and Isabella of Portugal 
Ironically, Thomson s son George Paget Thomson was awarded a Nobel Prize in 1937 for showing that the electron is a wave
JJ Thomson saw his son, George Thomson get the Nobel prize in 1937 for proving that electons are waves.
Thomson is the father of Nobel laureate George Paget Thomson .
Thomson was the son of JJ Thomson , the famous physicist & chemist who discovered the 
Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan 's daughter Chloe Madeley has apologised after she was photographed smoking cannabis
Dr. Dre ?s son, Andre Young Jr. was found dead by his mother on Saturday in his Woodland Hills , CA home.
It’s being reported that rapper Dr. Dre ’s son, Andre Young Jr. , has sadly passed away.
Dr. Dre 's son Andre Young Jr. apparently dies ...
Dr. Dre 's twenty-year-old son, Andre Young Jr. , reportedly died in his Los Angeles home this past weekend.
Dr. Dre ?s son, Andre Young Jr. , died from an overdose of heroin and morphine, the Los Angeles County ?..
Dr. Dre ?s son, Andre Young Jr. , died from an overdose of heroin and morphine, the Los Angeles ..
Dr. Dre 's son, Andre Young Jr. , died from an overdose of heroin and morphine 
Dr. Dre 's son, Andre Young Jr. , died from an overdose of heroin and morphine ?
Dr. Dre 's son, Andre Young Jr. , was unresponsive when discovered by his mother on Aug. 23rd.
? Dr. Dre ?s son, Andre Young Jr. ,
, Dr. Dre 's son, Andre Young Jr. , has died, Access Hol..
Rapper Dr. Dre ?s son, Andre Young Jr. , died at the age of 20 years-old.
An autopsy of Dr. Dre ?s son, Andre Young Jr. has failed to find a cause of death.
last year: Dr. Dre ?s son, Andre Young Jr. , died from an overdose of heroin and morphine, the Los Angeles County Department of Coroner ?..
Dr. Dre 's son Andre Young Jr. apparently dies while at his mother's house
Umm that picture is Dr. Dre 's oldest son not Andre Young .
Dr. Dre 's son, Andre Young Jr. , died from an overdose of heroin and morphine
Succeeding Shapur I , Bahram I  persecuted Mani and his followers under pressure from Magi 
Succeeding Shapur I , Bahram I  persecuted Mani and his followers under pressure from Zoroastrian Magi
Succeeding Shapur I , Bahram I  persecuted Mani and his followers under pressure from Zoroastrians orthodoxy
Succeeding Shapur I , Bahram I  persecuted Mani and his followers under pressure from Magi 
Claude Mauriac  was a French author and journalist, eldest son of the author François Mauriac .
A son of Qualcomm co-founder Younes Nazarian , Sam is 31, ambitious, and on a tear.
Philip 's successor, Philip III , was one of the children of this last marriage
In 1604, James I  and Philip 's son Philip III sent representatives to negotiate the Treaty of London .
Philip III was a son of Philip II of Spain and Anna of Austria 
He was the son of King Christian III of Denmark and Queen Dorothea of Saxe-Lauenburg , brother of Frederick II of Denmark .
Distraught Rachael , 26, daughter of TV legend Diana Rigg and Scottish landowner Archie Stirling , said:  It's sad really
She married again in 1982 to a Scottish landowner, Archie Stirling , and had Rachael at the age of 39
Goldwater 's son, Barry Goldwater, Jr. , served as a member from from 1969 to 1983
Goldwater 's son, Barry Goldwater, Jr. , served as a US House member from California from 1969 to 1983
6:33 - We're back, and introducing Ron Paul is Barry Goldwater Jr. , former Congressman and son of   Mr. Conservative   Barry Goldwater 
Goldwater 's son, Barry Goldwater, Jr. , served as a United States House of Representatives member from California from 1969 to 1983
Goldwater 's son, Barry Goldwater, Jr. , served as a United States House of Representatives member from California from 1969 to 1983.
First there Barry Goldwater Jr. , son of Barry Goldwater .
Barry M. Goldwater, Jr. is a former Congressman from California , and is the son of Senator Barry Goldwater 
After the murder of Henry III , Philip claimed the throne of France for his daughter, Isabella Clara Eugenia 
On 21 May, Prince Philip of Spain  is born to Charles I and his queen, the Infanta Isabella of Portugal 
Philip II , successor to Ferdinand and Isabella , initially proposed marriage to Elizabeth , but she refused
Infanta Isabella Clara Eugenia of Spain was born in Segovia on 12 August, 1566, the daughter of Philip II of Spain and his third wife Elisabeth of Valois 
Elizabeth bore Philip two daughters, Isabella Clara Eugenia  and Catherine Micaela 
William Waldorf Astor , the only son of John Jacob Astor III , had political aspirations but failed to satisfy them in America 
The Stanford Mausoleum holds the remains of the University 's namesake, Leland Stanford, Jr. , and his parents Leland Stanford and Jane Stanford .
22 The sons of Shem were Elam and Asshur and Arpachshad and Lud and Aram
The Lydian people are mentioned in the Bible as the descendants of Lud , son of Shem 
The Kabyle Berbers appear to be descendants of Lud , the son of Shem .
22The sons of Shem were Elam , Asshur , Arphaxad, Lud , and Aram
Lud -  The fourth son of Shem , ancestor of the Lydians probably
There is also the curious case of the Ludites descending from Ham , but Lud himself descending from Shem 
The sons of Shem were Elam and Asshur and Arpachshad and Lud and Aram
(The descendants of Lud , the fourth son of Shem , were supposedly the Lydians .)
Henri 's father, Grand Duke Jean , succeeded his mother, Grand Duchess Charlotte , on November 12, 1964
Also Grand Duke Jean and Grand Duke Henri were educated at Sandhurst 
Grand Duke Henri became sovereign of Luxembourg on October 7, 2000 when his father, Grand Duke Jean , abdicated in his favor
Henri 's father, Grand Duke Jean , succeeded his mother, Grand Duchess Charlotte , on , 1964
It was founded initially as a readership by Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII , in 1502.
One of the last medieval ladies to be honoured was Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII and grandmother of Henry VIII 
In the south aisle are monuments to Mary, Queen of Scots and Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII .
Fisher became the confessor to Lady Margaret Beaufort , the mother of Henry VII 
One of these is Margaret Beaufort , mother of King Henry VII 
Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII lived at Woking Palace and her grandson, Henry VIII also resided there from time to time
St John's College was founded through the Will of Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of King Henry VII .
(step-father of Henry Tudor , via his marriage to Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry ).
St John's College was founded in 1511 by Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of King Henry VII .
One of the more famous being Henry VII , who was the son of Margaret Beaufort , sister-in-law to Jasper Tudor .
In 1505 it was re-founded as Christ's College by the Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of King Henry VII .
But Stanley , husband of Margaret Beaufort and Henry Tudor 's stepfather, simply looked on as the king's situation worsened critically
Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII , married twice after the death of Henry's father, Edmund Tudor .
The church was reputedly enlarged by Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII .
Henry VII was born Henry Tudor , son of a Welsh nobleman and Margaret Beaufort , a descendant of Edward III 
Margaret Beaufort was married to Edmund Tudor and, at 13, bore him a son, the future Henry VII .
Margaret Beaufort , Comtes Richmond , oedd merch John, Dug 1af Somerset a mam Harri Tudur .
Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII , founded St. John's College in 1505 in honour of St. John the Evangelist .
It all began with her.... Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry Tudor and descendant of King Edward III 
It was founded in 1511 by Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of King Henry VII .
St John's College was founded in 1511 by Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of King Henry VII .
Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII , turned the original manor house into a palace
has been discovered: a singer in the household chapel of Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII .
It was refounded in 1505 and moved to its present site by Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of King Henry VII .
Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII , founds Christ's College .
Their daughter was Margaret , mother of Henry VII 
Henry VII  - Biography for the king of England , son of Edmund Tudor and Margaret Beaufort .
In 1505 God's House was re-dedicated as Christ's College under the patronage of Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII .
Pocahontas bore a child by John Rolfe , one Thomas Rolfe .
Thomas Rolfe  was the only child of the legendary Pocahontas by her English
Through Thomas Rolfe , a number of famous Virginians have family ties to Pocahontas .
Pocahontas died after Rolfe brought her to England in 1616, but their young son Thomas Rolfe survived
Pocahantas 's marriage to Rolfe brought eight years of peaceful relations in Virginia .
~Today, many people claim that their ancestry is linked to Pocahontas and John 's son, Thomas Rolfe 
Through Thomas Rolfe , a number of famous Virginians have family ties to Pocahontas 
He died early in 1622 and was survived by his and Pocahontas 's son, Thomas Rolfe 
The likely progenitor of Assyria is Asshur , second named son of Shem according to the Table of Nations 
Asshur was a son of Shem 
Asshur was a son of Shem , the line of blessing and the chosen people later
Asshur , the son of Shem , is generally accepted as the father of the Assyrians 
The names of Shem sons, Elam and Asshur , are obviously eponymous of the Elamites and the Assyrians 
Asshur , son of Shem , the son of Noah 
Assyria is named after Shem 's son Asshur 
Yet Asshur was a son of Shem !
... Asshur , son of Shem , the son of Noah 
This Mannus is the Assyrian Ninus and is Asshur , son of Shem 
( Asshur was a son of Shem , see Genesis 10:22.)
In Genesis , of the reputed sons of Shem , son of Noah , one was Asshur 
Shem was a son of Noah ; Asshur was a son of Shem 
Roger Clinton, Jr. is Bill Clinton 's half-brother, the son of Bill 's mother Virginia , and first stepfather Roger Clinton , Jr
His favorite mistress was Servilia , sister of Cato and mother of Brutus .
An offspring of that marriage was the famous/infamous Servilia , mother of Brutus and mistress of Caesar 
Servilia was the mother of Marcus Brutus , one of Caesar ?s murderers - Caesar being probably Brutus
Brutus was the son of Marcus Junius Brutus the Elder and Servilia Caepionis 
Servilia was the mother of Marcus Brutus , one of Caesar s murderers - Caesar being probably Brutus
Brutus was the son of Marcus Junius Brutus the Elder and Servilia Caepionis 
The mother of Marcus Brutus was Servilia , with whom Caesar had a long-term affair
Introduction to screening by noted director Richard Fleischer , son of Max Fleischer .
It was signed by Max ?s son, Richard Fleischer 
The film was being spearheaded by Richard Fleischer , the son of Betty Boop creator Max Fleischer .
The project was spearheaded by Max Fleischer ?s son, Richard Fleischer , and was to have been directed by Moore .
Conan The Destroyer : Richard Fleischer , yes son of Max Fleischer  takes over the reigns from John Milius and brings in the sequel.
For the director?s job, Disney selected Richard Fleischer , the son of his greatest animation rival in the 1930s, Max Fleischer 
Borges 's mother, Leonor Acevedo Suárez , learned English from either her hubby & worked professionally as a translator
Borges 's mother, Leonor Acevedo Suárez , was a translator
Borges 's mother, Leonor Acevedo Suárez , came from a traditional Uruguayan family
Borges ?s mother, Leonor Acevedo Suárez , came from an old Uruguayan family
Borges 's mother, Leonor Acevedo Suárez , came from an old Uruguayan family
Aram , the son of Shem , had the following children: His birth and death dates are unknown
The term Aramaic is derived from Aram , the fifth son of Shem , the firstborn of Noah .
According to Josephus it was founded by Uz , the son of Aram , and grandson of Shem 
Josephus says that  it was founded by Uz , the son of Aram , and grandson of Shem .
The term Aramaic is derived from Aram , the fifth son of Shem , the firstborn of Noah 
The land was named after Uz , son of Aram , a descendant of Shem 
The term Aramaic is derived from Aram , the fifth son of Shem , the firstborn of Noah 
It has the country Hul is the son of Aram , son of Shem in the Book of Genesis 
Record of conversation between Elizabeth Bentley and William Browder , brother of Earl Browder 
Elizabeth had executed James I 's mother, Mary, Queen of Scots , to avoid attempts on her life
Mary was moved to Westminster by her son, James I , Katharine still remains.
James I , son of Mary Queen of Scots became the first King of both England and Scotland .
Elizabeth I wrote a letter to Mary at her trial, and about the execution to Mary 's son, King James VI .
So, for example, Mary, Queen of Scots , mother of James VI & I, would receive the number 9
James VI of Scotland , son of Mary, Queen of Scots , was born here
It was here that Mary Queen of Scots gave birth to James VI in 1566
Elizabeth 's senior relative is James VI of Scotland , Protestant son of Elizabeth 's cousin Mary Queen of Scots .
- Early Life The son of Lord Darnley and Mary Queen of Scots , James succeeded to the Scottish throne ...
The ' Virgin Queen ' Elizabeth 1 named the son of Mary Queen of Scots , James , as her heir
In 1603, upon Elizabeth 's death, Mary 's son became king of England as James I 
Four days after Mary 's execution, Elizabeth sent the second letter to Mary 's son, King James VI of Scotland .
... Elizabeth was succeeded by James the First , son of her sister, Mary Queen of Scots ...
Mary son James VI also reputedly played at Musselburgh, prior to journeying south to become James I of England in 1603
Mary 's son James VI visited Edzell twice, in June 1580 and August 1589
James was the son of Mary Queen of Scots , he was against...
Elizabeth died on March 24, 1603 and was succeeded by James I , the son of Mary, Queen of Scots .
It was there in 1567 that the infant son of Mary Queen of Scots was crowned James VI of Scotland .
We explored Stirling Castle , where Mary Queen of Scots gave birth to James VI .
Award-winning writer Jimmy McGovern explores the lives of Mary Queen of Scots and her son, James I in this BBC
Mary Queen of Scots gave birth to James VI at Edinburgh Castle .
Mary 's son, James VI , became James I of England in 1603 because of his descent from Margaret .
Mary 's son, James VI , stayed here as well.
Queen Elizabeth had executed James 's mother Mary Queen of Scots , one possible successor, and now had no-one to follow her.
Neidpath Castle , west of Peebles , dates back to 1370, and famous visitors included Mary, Queen of Scots and James I and James VI 
It was there in 1567 that the infant son of Mary Queen of Scots was crowned James VI of Scotland.
King James I of England was the son of Mary, Queen of Scots  and had a gay father, Lord Darnly.
monarch to use a fork was James I , son of Mary, Queen of Scots 
James was the son of Mary, Queen of Scots and her second husband, Lord Darnley 
were martyred there under James ' Catholic mother, Mary Queen of Scots 
has on display Scottish regalia and it is said that Mary, Queen of Scots gave birth here to James VI .
Although, James is protestant his mother was the Catholic martyr   Mary Queen Of Scots  .
The first of the Stuart kings , James I was the son of Mary, Queen of Scots and her second husband, Lord Darnley .
Perhaps most striking is the wood panelled chamber in which Mary Queen of Scots gave birth to James VI 
One can also see the tiny room where Mary Queen of Scots gave birth to James VI 
His son Shem died at 600. Shem 's son Arphaxad lived only to 436.
Josephus claims that the Chaldeans were founded by the biblical character Arpachshad son of Shem , grandson of Noah 
Melka <> married Arphaxad <> son of Shem <> and Sedeqetelebab <>.
Shem ?s son, Arphaxad , lived 438 years
If Shem begat Arphaxad two years after the Flood , then he should have been 102 years old.
Shem , son of Noah and father of Arphaxad ; in the genealogy of Jesus Lk 3:36 .
Arphaxad , the son of Shem , was born in 1660 in Shinar .
Rose Gentle is the mother of Gordon Gentle , a British soldier killed in Iraq this year
Born in April 1953, Ezra is the eldest son of Hermann and Ursula Merkin 
Kishi 's son-in-law Shintaro Abe , father of Shinzo , was expected to become Prime Minister himself one day.
Abe 's father, Shintaro Abe , was foreign minister in the early 1980s.
Green is the son of Pro Football Hall of Famer Darrell Green , the former Washington Redskins cornerback.
Irwin Donenfeld , who left DC Comics in 1968, was Harry 's son]
( Stella ?s mother Linda was married to Paul for 29 years before she passed away in 1998).
Sir Paul McCartney 's fashion designer daughter Stella slams fashion industry for animal fur us
The invitation came from none other than Sir Paul 's fashion queen daughter, Stella McCartney .
Sir Paul McCartney 's fashion designer daughter Stella McCartney is desperate to create a wedding dress for bride-to-be Scarlett Johansson .
One of Paul ?s daughter, Stella McCartney telling her, ?I hope you lose your other fucking leg!?
A source told Britain 's News of the World newspaper   Stella doesn't like the idea of Paul being lonely
But being grown hasn't stopped Paul McCartney 's daughter Stella McCartney from disliking Heather Mills , for example.
Madonna 's friendship with Paul McCartney 's fashion designer daughter, Stella has been undergoing serious stress lately
Madonna ?s friendship with Paul McCartney ?s fashion designer daughter, Stella has been undergoing serious stress lately
Alasdhair Willis - Alasdhair Willis is married to Linda and Paul McCartney 's daughter Stella , who is a fashion designer.
's hands; 3) Stella says very nasty things about Heather ; and 4) Heather thereafter confronted Sir Paul .
Stella Nina McCartney  is an English fashion designer and daughter of Paul McCartney and Linda McCartney .
Stella McCartney , daughter of Beatle Paul McCartney , is one of the leading female fashion designers in the world.
As was Paul McCartney 's daughter, Stella McCartney .
Even Beatle Paul McCartney 's daughter Stella is here, with her hot-selling clothing label Chloe .
Last year's PETA Person of the Year was Sir Paul 's daughter, Stella McCartney 
'Those characters will inevitably seen to be based on McCartney 's children Stella , Mary and James.
Stella McCartney , daughter of The Beatles ’ Paul McCartney , is a successful designer.
McCartney 's daughter, Stella McCartney , is a designer with her own brand of fashions.
Stella McCartney bio: London designer Stella McCartney is no long ?just the daughter of? Beatles legend Paul McCartney .
Lat year's Person of the Year was Paul McCartney 's fashion designer daughter Stella McCartney .
?Those characters will inevitably seen to be based on McCartney ?s children Stella , Mary and James.
Those characters will inevitably seen to be based on McCartney ?s children Stella , Mary and James.
Even Paul ?s daughter Stella McCartney , who was highly vocal about her dislike of Heather Mills , approves
Daughter of Beatles star Paul McCartney , Stella and Adidas are under fire due to their close business relationship
Lat year's Person of the Year was Sir Paul McCartney 's fashion designer daughter Stella McCartney 
The daughter of legendary Beatles member Paul McCartney , Stella wants the trend to end.
Stella McCartney 's famous dad Paul McCartney was at the show too
As was Paul McCartney 's daughter, Stella McCartney 
Beckett is a fifth grandchild for Stella ?s dad, Paul McCartney .
Heather also claims she has evidence of what she calls  spiteful phone calls  from Paul 's daughter Stella 
With LVMH chief Bernard Arnault 's daughter Delphine Arnault as an unexpected guest, the Pugh buzz only heightened.
Delphine Arnault , the 32-year old daughter of LVMH chairman Bernard Arnault will be joining the board of Emilio Pucci 
At No. 2 is Delphine Arnault Gancia of France , daughter of Bernard Arnault who owns the Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton  luxury goods empire
With LVMH chief Bernard Arnault 's daughter Delphine Arnault as an unexpected guest, the Pugh buzz only heightened
That's the exciting word circulating in fashion circles since Delphine Arnault , daughter of Bernard Arnault , who rules the? LVMH
The state legislature then elected Talmadge 's son, Herman Talmadge , to the office of Governor
The state legislature then elected Talmadge 's son, herman Talmadge , to the office of Governor
Herman Talmadge was the son of Eugene Talmadge and the manager of his father's 1946 campaign for Governor.
And lastly, one fact I learnt ? Spike Hughes was the son of the Irish composer Herbert Hughes .
Novelist, playwright and broadcaster Carlo Gébler was born in Dublin in 1954, the son of famous Irish novelist Edna O'Brien .
James Stirling , nephew of William Stirling of Northwoodside, summed it up best in a letter to Archibald Stirling of Keir in Aug. 1766
Jason provided Sean with his first grandchild, Dashiell Quinn Connery , in 1997
Emir 's son, Stribor Kusturica also joined the band to play the percussions
First marriage to Isolde Denham , daughter of Reginald Denham and Moyna MacGill 
Ustinov was married three times - first to Isolde Denham , Isolde Denham , daughter of Reginald Denham and Moyna MacGill 
Leah focused on Zebulun as  a precious gift  from God 
Leah gives birth to Issachar , then to Zebulun , followed by a daughter, Dinah 
The number, 57, stands for Zebulun , the sixth son of Leah and Jacob .
Leah , the mother of Dinah , gave birth to her after producing her sixth son, Zebulon 
Zebulun , the sixth son of Jacob and Leah 
Zebulun was the sixth son of Leah and Jacob 
Was Leah 's hope that the birth of Zebulun  would finally turn Jacob 's heart toward her ever realized?
ZEBULUN , tenth son of Jacob and the sixth born to him by Leah .
James Sobieski ?s own mother, Marie Casimire favored her son-in-law, the Elector of Bavaria 
William Deering was the father of Charles Deering .
1. Friedrich Adler , son of Victor Adler , shot Count St?rgkh, the Austro-Hungarian premier, on October 21, 1916.
The other Tina ? Ambani was gifted an expensive yacht recently by Anil Ambani 
Now, Dhirubhai ?s younger son, Anil Ambani , is going a step ahead
Reliance group is India 's largest business house, founded by Anil 's late father Dhirubhai Ambani 
Dhirubhai Ambani was father of Mukesh and Anil Ambani - the erstwhile and present heads of Reliance Communications respectively
Reliance group is India 's largest business house, founded by Anil 's late father Dhirubhai Ambani 
Reliance group is India 's largest business house, founded by Anil 's late father Dhirubhai Ambani 
While Dhirubhai was recovering in San Diego after his first stroke, his sons Mukesh Ambani and Anil Ambani managed the business affairs
Dhirubhai Ambani was father of Mukesh and Anil Ambani - the erstwhile and present heads of Reliance Communications respectively.
While Dhirubhai Ambani was recovering in San Diego , his sons Mukesh Ambani and Anil Ambani managed the affairs
Mikhail Piotrovsky , the?son of? Boris Piotrovsky , also being a?Director of?the?Hermitage, told many interesting things about the?life of?his?father.
Agnes was a daughter of Louis VII of France and his third wife Adèle of Champagne 
Obata Masamori 's son, Obata Kagenori , became a page and companion to Japans second Tokugawa Shogun , Tokugawa Hidetada .
The father of Abi , who was the mother of Hezekiah .
The father of Abijah , who was the mother of Hezekiah 
The father of Abijah , who was the mother of Hezekiah .
Abi or Abijah  was the mother of King Hezekiah of the Southern Kingdom of Israel.
Umayr ibn Wahb was the father of Wahb ibn Umayr .
Thanks to the efforts of Linda Jones Clough , the art work of Chuck Jones lives on today
Linda Jones Clough is the President and CEO of Linda Jones Enterprises and daughter of WB director Chuck Jones 
  Pullet Surprise   stars Foghorn Leghorn and is produced by Jones and Clough 
Leah will give birth to Reuben , Simeon  and Judah 
Simeon was a son of Jacob and Leah .
In quick succession Leah popped out Simeon , Levi , and Judah .
Jayavarman V was Rajendravarman II 's son
During the reign of Jayavarman V , the successor of Rajendravarman II , Mahayana Buddhim grew in importance
It flourished during the reign of Jayavarman V , a son of Rajendravarman , and the reign of Jayaviravarman 
Jayavarman V , son of Rajendravarman II , succeeded the supreme throne after his father in 968 AD
In this case, for Jayavarman V , son of Rajendravarman , who built of Pre Rup and East Mebon 
Mswati II succeeded Sobhuza I and inherited a Kingdom twice the size of Swaziland today
The reign of Sobhuza 's son, Mswati II , was conducted under difficult conditions from the beginning.
Among her siblings were Maria Sophia, wife of Peter II of Portugal and Maria Anna , wife of Charles II of Spain 
: Adele of Champagne , queen of France , third wife of Louis VII and mother of Philippe Auguste .
Stanley 's son, Andy Stanley , resigned the pastorate  of FBCA's northside satellite congregation  and has started a new church 
Stanley , 47, is the dynamic son of Charles Stanley , the long-time pastor of First Baptist Church of Atlanta .
Issachar , the fifth son of Jacob and Leah 
Leah has Issachar in verse 18
The tribe of Issachar was the ninth son of Jacob born from Leah .
But, these 4 were actually born after Leah produced Judah , but before she bore Issachar and then Zevulun 
Leah regarded the birth of Yissachar as a reward .
Leah then bears Yissachar , Zevulun , and a daughter, Dina
Gd answers Leah 's prayers of despair, and she gives birth to Yissachar and then Zevulun 
Issachar or Yissachar  was the fifth son of Jacob and his first wife Leah 
Anusapati then took the throne and allied himself with Mahisa Wonga Teleng, one of Ken Arok 's son by Ken Dedes 
Thutmose was born to Amenhotep II and Tiaa 
The father of Tuthmosis IV was Amenhotep II and his mother was Queen Tio
Amenhotep II was followed by Thutmose IV , who ruled for ten years
Amenhotep II ?s son, Thutmose IV , erected the famous Dream Stele between the paws of the Sphinx 
(one near Deir el-Bahari , and the other in the tomb of Tuthmosis IV 's father, Amenhotep II ).
According to Egyptian records, Amenhotep II and Thutmose IV deported over 80,000 Canaanites 
Amenhotep II was succeeded by Thutmose IV , with his tomb being numbered KV 49
Tuthmosis IV , Amenhotep II 's successor concluded the peace treaty when he married the daughter of the Mitanni king, Artatama 
- According to the   Dream Stele   inscription Thutmose IV was not the firstborn son of his father Amenhotep II 
Egypt empire was consolidated under Thutmose III son, Amenhotep II , and grandson, Thutmose IV 
There is to this day a stone slab relating the dream of Thutmosis IV , the son of Amenhotep II 
If Dhirubhai Ambani was a larger-than-life patriarch and Anil was the public face of Reliance , Mukesh Ambani was an enigma
Mukesh Ambani is one of two sons of Dhirubhai Ambani , founder of Reliance Group in India .
Even after the Reliance empire was carved up in January 2006, the Ambani brothers  Mukesh and Anil
Ambani brothers Mukesh and Anil head each group, respectively.
Ambani 's father Dhirubhai was an established industrialist
